You know what I do is write for kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , more read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or with leather clothes , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a epiphany generally is something that dropped you somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple back to it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the complicated kind of circle I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the '60s in middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class of class .
And when he just kept it to bleed every week in the kids ' bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life for letting me go into the bathroom .
He was doing it in secret .
For three years .
And I had to leave the city .
He had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , half the night , I got a phone call from that teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned that adults never get to know us .
You could recall Ohio , and please bring that guy who I know you 've ever found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I would like you to get yourself with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found it one place , <unk> , and taking care of her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And so the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me , turned into a box of cinders and was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had become closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about it became itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy today that I 'm talking about today .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time about 10 years ago , and there I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart was fast , he was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
I beat my eyes around the water , almost 60 meters , and I could n't even think that it was a snowflake about another snowflake about snow year after year .
<unk> are born when they fall from glaciers or break the ice walls .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some refuse to give up and hold on to the end , whereas others ca n't stand it more and they 're going into a dramatic passion of passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see a iceberg , which are isolated apart and alone , as much as we see ourselves as humans .
But reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As it melts as a eardrum released fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life .
I get closer to photograph these <unk> as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments exist in that way , and it will not exist in that way again .
It 's not death when it melt ; it 's not an end , but then a continuation of its way through the life cycle .
Part of the <unk> of the <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- he has a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you is a iceberg that I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unusual to actually witness a rolling iceberg .
Here they have .
You can see the left one little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the form of iceberg and your line of <unk> .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the ship has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is a Greenland iceberg , average size .
<unk> of water about 120 feet or 40 feet .
This video is in real time .
And just like , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single one of a baby . Okay .
So two partners every one with a baby .
I do n't want to get ready to stop the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about the conception of conception .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage I want you to imagine that in a case , the sperm chromosome joins the X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the X chromosome of the sperm joins into the X chromosome of the egg .
They both turn on and it starts life .
We 'll go back to talking about them later .
In my activity , I will fulfill two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an historian by training and what I study in this case is the way people discovered the anatomy -- that 's human and <unk> bodies , how they 've considered the body fluids , the idea of the body , what you 've thought about about the body .
The other role that performance in my work is an activist , as patients advocate or , as I say sometimes , impatient people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've been working with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with twins <unk> , two people inside a body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than half .
And I 've worked with many cases of human sex people , individuals whose physical typology did not fit into male and female schemes .
In particular lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> took a lot of shapes .
I 'm going to put you some examples in ways of having a sex that would not be done in common or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual who was based on XY one whose <unk> gene from the chromosome and says to the <unk> , which we all have in the fetal life , which become testicles .
And then in the fetal life , the testes make testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's <unk> <unk> syndrome .
So , there are high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops following an adult course .
When you 're born , the baby looks like a child .
It 's a little girl . She 's raised as a girl .
And , often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing and developing breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes that something is happening .
And then you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but it 's actually not that way .
Women , as men , we have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most of the women like me -- I think a typical woman ; it does n't know their <unk> structure ; I think being a typical woman , most women as I are sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the most exposed brain that the woman who was born with testicles that have <unk> syndrome .
That 's why sex is complicated . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago I got a call from a 19 year-old boy who was born and raised as a male male ; he had girlfriend , and sex with her , he was wearing a life as a boy and just found out she had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I had chromosomes and the <unk> glands , they were so active that essentially created a male hormone environment .
As a result , their genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormone hormone component .
He was born with a child looks like a child ; no one <unk> .
And it was 19 years old when he started having medical problems caused by internal menstruation , when doctors discovered that , in fact , she was woman inside .
Well , another quick example of a <unk> case .
Some people with chromosomes , who develop what 's known as <unk> , is to say , they have tissue <unk> wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with this type of bodies -- are <unk> , <unk> twins , or <unk> , they 're going to <unk> surgery is not to have a better physical health .
In many cases people are perfectly healthy .
The reason that we 've been doing to various surgeries is that they are a threat to our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings into a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is having female identity ; supposedly , being black means having African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you have a body that shows something quite different , we have trouble with <unk> .
So that we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic individualism .
Imagine how surprising it is to have children that are born like two people inside a body .
The higher recent case of the past year with the South African runner <unk> <unk> ; it was put in the fabric of trial in the <unk> Games in Berlin .
Many journalists called it to wonder , `` What test is you going to be able to figure out whether <unk> is a man or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to you the journalists that does n't exist .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't plot a <unk> line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women and <unk> ; we 're all who we draw that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more we move through science , more we need to admit that these categories were stable enough categories that were caught directly with categories directly -- they 're much more nuanced than we thought about .
And not only in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
Let 's look at the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the fact that they were doing it in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on in science , we get more and more in an uncomfortable zone where we have to recognize that simplistic categories that <unk> are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all the spheres of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at first and in the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which one body gets human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very tough discussions today today , not in public , but I know within the <unk> , when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether somebody was dead .
As a pen , they put a pen in front of his nose , and she moved not to it yet .
If I stopped moving it .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And as a result , we have to address a dilemma of really being able to really tell someone 's death , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion of categories would be happy to be happy .
In politics I 'm progressive , I stand for people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I get nervous .
And so that these categories are much more fragile than we were thinking about .
<unk> from the point of view of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of the Parents .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did , that I find myself both looking at that `` 1776 '' and not by music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's because of what happened in 1776 with the Parents .
And I knew the Parents were , for me , the first activists of the anatomy and explain why .
What they would reject was an empty concept , and he <unk> him with another which was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years .
And , as you all remember , what I 'd shunned our Founding vividly was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
It was the idea that was coming into the political power for the law of blood sent to the father , and then the son and so on .
And I knew my mind rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created the same .
And they <unk> the game field , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the behavioral differences . That was very radical .
And partly they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was happening to democracy and at the same time the science was born .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of the Parents know , that many were very interested in science and on the idea of a naturalist world .
They were <unk> out of the supernatural explanations , and so rejected the concept of power supernatural power goes from a vague idea of birth .
They were moving towards a <unk> concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talked about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And they were passing us out the idea of <unk> coincidence .
And by doing so , they were put the foundations of Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think about it that way , but they did it for us and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And the women succeeded .
Then came the success of Civil Rights Movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` Am I not a woman ? ''
We found men in rows of Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color , people who are going to take the coincidence on <unk> , and again , they succeeded .
We see the same with the Slow Movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some of the anatomical of our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights than a human .
I do n't want to say that we should be <unk> to the anatomy .
I do n't mean that in five years of five years , I should be allowed to have sex , or get married .
There are some anatomical divisions that for me make sense , and I think we should keep .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why they keep them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two things to be on the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both biased in the mid-'80s exactly the same day .
Imagine one of them , Mary was born three months before time : June 1 .
Henry , in the contrary , was born in term , was born on the March March .
For the only fact that I 've been born three months before Mary are attributed to all the rights three months before the Henry -- the right to the sex consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different age , but because it was born later .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered man -- -- if I do n't tell you if it 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered man now , he 's now <unk> the mandated <unk> of the Mary that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for her , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all of the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman in some states .
And so they still do persist categories that in many ways that are closeness and questionable .
And now the question is , what do we do now that science went so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a <unk> democracy could break ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time , I sometimes feel like science is moving away .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is sort of a pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position .
For example , Texas at some point has decided to marry a man , you do n't have to have a chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have a chromosome out of it .
Now , in practice , they do n't try <unk> to people .
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of <unk> <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in her speech , `` I give a team . ''
It says we should be judge people based on the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond the anatomy .
And I want to say , `` Yes , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do we judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure that we had to get into this for <unk> rights to people , because I have to admit that I know about some <unk> <unk> that probably deserve more the social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some of those things that I know can make more informed , intelligent , mature decisions about their sex relationships than people from 40 I know .
So how do you put the theme of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me asks what if the character of a person could in the future being measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to take this current thinking relative to the issue of democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy and I think we 're going to do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context as the Iranian one that 's being attracted by other men is susceptible to being killed , unless he 's willing to submit to a sex shift , in which case it is allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context as the one of a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made birth twins to then pick them out and then grow their fame .
But when the phone asked him , the reason of the operation was a very <unk> operation , he said that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and therefore I had to do it .
I said , `` Well , it 's considered political asylum instead of surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be those who are without encouraging us to change the state of the state .
So I think we have to be in the head .
Well , in fact , I mean , I 've been talking a lot about the humor .
And I want to think of what democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we had given more participation to the mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomical galaxies , in particular if there are people thinking in group .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in doing the sexual difference .
And one of the things that 's been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in fact , they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships , and to care about those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
So years ago , when I was in graduate , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism , I was considered a feminist , like <unk> made me a strange theme .
`` Tell me what the feminism is . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've heard .
Feminism has to do with rid of the stereotypes of gender , so there 's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about the question , the more I think it 's kind of like a feminine woman in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female 's brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
And so , while the Parents were very attentive to find a way to protect the people in the state , it 's possible that , to have gotten more connected to this concept , we probably would have enriched the concept of protection with peer-to-peer support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we have democracy beyond the anatomy , to think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect union , let 's think of what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In the year , I decided that we had to reconsider how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work , it has the chance to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far away from that target .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count with one city willing to <unk> .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than the cost of construction .
So we could easily take ourselves the world , tens , maybe hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they simply ran out of building buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments are already owners , and that the other half is still not not to do it .
You could try to increase the ability to <unk> in all existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas around them have rules to avoid the ailments and the <unk> distractions .
So it would be very difficult to do all of those <unk> .
But they could go to a whole new place , building a new apartments building , always and when the rules of that place that we had to build the construction instead of putting responsibility .
So I proposed that the governments to replace new reform zones of reform are large enough to contain cities , and I gave them a name : cities under charter .
I later found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> would come out of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went by a constitutional constitutional crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> were assigned to a platform in which <unk> reforms and the same reconciliation time .
He asked <unk> to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement and trial and error , and a huge amount of testing with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that say you ca n't go and listen to all the current residents of apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes so much of technologies to make progress , and they 're usually the rules that prevent us to move forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent a link to the <unk> .
It was shown to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's take this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December , we met in Miami , in a conference room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable the cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York City , look , land that , in some cases , worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a fairly abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk was described in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it begins with <unk> land , a charter that specifies the rules that are going down there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go and not live under those norms .
So President of Honduras called me , and he said we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way for our country to move forward .
He asked me to go and I would talk about four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a photo in Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Only this airport cover over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a place that is measuring at least 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 hectares .
Everybody <unk> <unk> .
The public faces were very serious and attentive .
The leader of Congress came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you for his talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that you could go in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away to the North .
And also new options for leaders .
Because leaders of the Honduras of Honduras would need help from developing countries , they could benefit from countries partners to help them build and make the charter of the charter , so that everybody could trust that the charter is effectively turning .
We went out and we saw a site .
This photo is from there .
It could easily cover a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly afterwards , the 19 of January , voted in Congress to <unk> its Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow us to create these special regions of development .
In a country that had just passed through this painful crisis , the vote in Congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was <unk> to one .
All the parties , all the factions in society , the <unk> .
To <unk> the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
On February 17th , he passed again on another voting , from 114 one .
Immediately after the vote , in the age of 21 , a <unk> shifting delegation was to the two places in the world that are most interested in participating in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new city center that 's being built in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after they spent four years getting permission .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China and are preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical mode , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and they 're thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow them to come , and then it would allow them to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow the Supreme Court to be the court of the end for this new judicial system .
There are urban planners and developers of cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get something for funding .
But the only thing we know they have solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are many people who would like to go to live there .
In the world there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to change them immediately .
There 's a million dollars a year out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to go to get a job ; sometimes they 're mothers who have to earn the money for just eating or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what seems to think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What does it seem to think about insisting that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that is , I live obsessed with costumes .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photographing and publish on my blog , colorful and different outfits .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is second hand of <unk> markets and <unk> stores .
Oh , thank you .
<unk> stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to get to know <unk> people -- usually my money goes to a good cause ; I think it 's unique ; and buy becomes my own personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Being from my size ?
I 'll like the color ?
Will it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I 've won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what brings someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
Be inside exactly a week is all I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought that would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after you get here to Palm Springs .
And because I do n't know that the woman who walks by TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
This is what I call brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You almost always see it phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All the whole set , including the jacket , took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used a week .
Monday Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible physiologically to be wrong , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other people happy .
Tuesday : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself , and at the same time <unk> .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you wo n't just understand you , you 're going to give you .
<unk> : <unk> of the child who 's taken inside .
Sometimes people tell me it seems to play the costumes , or I remember their little age seven .
I like to tell you , `` Thank you . ''
Tuesday : The trust is the key .
If you think you 're looking good with something , it 's pretty sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't look good at something , it probably is true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until 30 years that I really understood their meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , you 're not looking at it .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : <unk> <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : <unk> a personal personal style is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people were approaching this week just because I was using it . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously , all of this is not going to get into my little <unk> .
So before I went home , Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things back .
I do n't need emotionally emotionally on these things , because back in the corner , there will always be another crazy , colorful , bright suit , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart and look for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a plane of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This is somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you hold your brain on this scale ?
Some of them were <unk> by one of these extremes , but I think that for most of the members of this audience , your brain is something that -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not to be another exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I find myself one of those people , that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need a lot of logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need quite a intuition to make the experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're putting to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
As a intuition that you can have developed over the years is that one thing can be only in one place at the time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember looking at a kid playing on a parking lot .
It was a little boy and did n't do it very well , it always fell .
But I bet you play with that bar of a parking lot , and it taught a valuable lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow them to get them , and they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these strange little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the quantum mechanics theory .
At that point , the physics was a few years ago ; you needed from quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't often play with particles .
Well , sometimes play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But it did n't fit me well to my logic .
Because if everything is done from little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And therefore I would feel so much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see that has been in an overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little bit of metal I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right in the center .
And then we 're doing a very large big approach to small metal <unk> .
So what we see is a small little bit of metal , a springboard and that comes up against a platform .
And then I did this almost in the same way you were doing a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a form of swimming <unk> that 's found underneath the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator , just I do all sorts of weird things , but then other people get out of doing those things , because I do n't want them to bother , or , really frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
The <unk> of <unk> objects are not only people , but it 's also the light that we light it and the wind that goes on the side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to throw out all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
And we got the lights out , and then we introduced a vacuum and pulled out all the air , and then we cool it up to a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero .
Now , when I 'm just on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free of acting as you want .
So we measure their movements .
We discovered it moved in very strange forms .
Instead of sitting perfectly still , I was vibrating , and the way that it was like a breath in this form -- like a bellows that expands and contract .
And by giving it a soft drag , we were able to make it <unk> and not <unk> at the same time -- something that just happens to quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> , <unk> thing at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that metal piece are still and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain points when those line line line up .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , what it does is that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was a clean room in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between one single atom , and that little bit of metal is more or less the same than the difference between that piece of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you also ?
I mean , it 's my logical part .
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time , what would that be ?
How do you play your consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights up and we looked inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece .
And I was able to reach this new intuition , seemingly all the objects on the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are just crammed into a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more profound than that .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define you who you are , and that 's the deep strangeness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my chief boss , and that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many of them and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories of why we did .
I think my own story is just explaining to this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
And I did n't think of a great education , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and went to museums , I began to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
So I 'd better show you a couple of interesting things that we 've been doing from their launch .
So , simply , we 're going to get it out .
Look all around the museums there .
There 's the <unk> gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , the Gogh van .
I 'm actually going to get into one of my favorites , to the <unk> , the New York museum in New York City .
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple .
We click and <unk> ! We 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where they are , Mumbai or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You 're moving around and they have fun .
Would you navigate the museum ?
We open the plane up , and with one click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , you want to go to the end of the hallway .
We go ahead .
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't reached the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' from Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows you the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the metadata information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured what we call the <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels .
You can zoom in around a very simple way .
You see fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression has no price .
But if you really want to want to go deeper .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this looks interesting . ''
I went into and found that the kids were actually playing something .
I did a little bit of research , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is to hit a <unk> with a Tuesday on a Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get to you even further , and you 'll see that you really can get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull the image out , so you 'll see really what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing to come , a second .
So now we 're just going to jump over again to MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you want to see the brush ?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really does it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this frame , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is <unk> night , I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There are many things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everybody , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that 's the same thing .
You can online , create your own museum , create your own collection from all of these images .
It 's very simple , we enter this function , I 've created this function I call `` Power of zooming , '' -- we just zoom in around .
It 's about `` The ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and maintain a conversation about what you feel at contemplating these masterpiece .
So in conclusion , I think the main thing is that all amazing things do n't come from Google .
No , in my view , they even do n't come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium does justice to its artwork , and it 's represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon everybody .
I have something to show you .
Think about it is a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this photo -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the kids in Italy grew up with this photo on the wall of their bedroom , but the reason I 'm showing you this is that something really interesting has happened in year 's race over the last two decades .
It makes some time ago , if you wanted to win a race of Formula 1 , you took a budget and you would give it a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot was good enough , you earned your career .
This is what , in engineering , in engineering , in real time .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting today is that the control systems in real time are starting to come into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered in networks and electronics .
They 're going to be getting computers outdoors .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently and can be detected and <unk> .
<unk> cities is big .
As a separate note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the crust of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be big .
Beyond cities , all of these detections and <unk> are entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition of Paola <unk> for late year at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` I try . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , they start talking to us .
In a way , it 's like almost all the atoms that are available to make sensors and actuators .
And that is completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment .
It 's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo broke the Moses , he says he took the hammer , and he went on to Moses , and he 's done , you still see a little bit of a dent and he said , `` Hey , `` Are you hanging out of `` Are Heroes in <unk> ? ''
Well today , for the first time , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; <unk> in the idea of capturing the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is really one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer with luck in 2006 .
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember that , they were playing Italy and France , and in the end , he gave the <unk> .
And anyway , in the end she won Italy .
Now let 's look at what happened by looking at the activity itself in the network .
Here 's the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
In the early afternoon , there are people here and there making calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France , <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a call fast and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time ; second .
<unk> , and at a moment , <unk> .
She earns Italy , yeah !
That night , everyone went to celebrate the center .
There you see the great peak .
The next day , everyone went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of time .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman time , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the summit at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the city pulse in a way that we would n't have been able to do just a few years ago .
Another rapid example of sensing : it 's not about people , but things that we use and we consume .
Today , we know everything about the coming of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you put it together .
But we know very little about where things are going .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the garbage on the system .
We started with some volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little over a year ago , to tag what they were throwing ; different kinds of things , as you can see , things that are going to happen .
Then we put a little chip , a label , in the trash , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results .
From Seattle .
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are many <unk> in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
There 's complicated things happening , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we think we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we <unk> <unk> is still somewhere on the planet .
That if the plastic bottle that we dropped a day still is still there .
That if we show that to people , then we can promote some change in behavior .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague of MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about sensing and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we 've talked about at the beginning , which is <unk> about the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and the South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology do , the new technology , to join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine you have a trunk and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> and closes .
It 's created like a water curtain , with pixels of water .
If the pixels fall , you can write in them , show patterns , images , images .
And as I zoom in , the curtain will open up so we can pass , as you see in the image .
We presented this to the mayor <unk> .
He liked it .
And he <unk> a commission to design the building to the Swiss entry .
We call it Digital Water Digital .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no windows and windows , but when you 're looking at it , it opens up so you can pass .
The roof is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you get down the roof .
Or you can close the building and the whole architecture disappears , like in this case .
Those days there will always be somebody , in the winter , when the roof got down , someone who was there and said , `` Let 's get the building . ''
No , it 's not that they have demolished it , but when it comes down almost the entire architecture goes away .
Here it is working .
You see the people who are going on .
And here I am trying to do not get wet when the sensors open up the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
Now , all the kids from <unk> came to the building , because the way to interact had changed a little bit .
It was n't a building that would open to let you go , but a building that kept doing cuts and holes in water , and you had to jump to not get wet .
( Noise of people ) And for us that was really interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about the use that people will give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels , the pixels of water , and projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine you could have small helicopters in the air , and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it 's a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter that we saw before , which is moving with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
Sort of a flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , that what changes is light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different kind .
Imagine that the screen appears at different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And then all that could have a pixels of pixels in 3D , where you can get closer and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> controlled , going down to form an V , like before .
When the light goes on , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine one of them controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with an entrance that comes from people , the movement of the people and so on and so on .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best <unk> dancers , the New York City star 's star and La Scala of <unk> to capture its 3D movement and use them as entry to <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left , you see the pixels , capture in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D digitization in real time capture movement .
It can take place all the movement .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people in order to do something and change our <unk> environment as an <unk> farm as they grow , but with a cloud .
Imagine that we could make everyone <unk> a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we moved from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , as the knowledge , and it 's accessible through the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign , we can go through the digital world , the self-organizing power of networks , to the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow may be to address today 's challenges : think about climate change or CO2 emissions . How do we move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can get people to do this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but it 's covered with pixels .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see it from below , to serve the main moments of 2012 and even more , and it can be used as a way of connection with the community .
So , it 's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something that you can go up , like a new peak in London .
You can go into there .
As if it was a new digital <unk> at night , but most importantly , it will be a new experience for anybody to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just a few changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- for one more accurate and faster and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in better ways , it will be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure themselves ?
How about living in good health ?
Or maybe those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience member : Creativity . ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few . It was probably due to the number of creative people present .
That 's really good .
How many would you pick your memory ?
A few more .
How about the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> theme here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor 's gaze on the subject .
The great advisor in the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , which also <unk> in the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote an essay titled `` Nothing in biology makes sense , except to the light of Evolution . ''
But if you actually embrace biological evolution consider this : it 's just about the past , or the future ?
Is it about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , it 's clear that we 're interested in .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
There has been maybe 20 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem to be far away from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , <unk> <unk> , which is coming out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all have in our gut more bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , do you think about -- when Antonio Damasio is about the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a beautifully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , moist , it 's very shaky .
And we 're going to provide them all the nutrients that you can want to want to do without effort in them .
It 's really a quick pathway for bacteria with occasional disruption of some rush rush to the output .
But in the other hand , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest essential , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something maybe better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of <unk> in the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass ; the animal kingdom , as a single and unique <unk> , and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope they 've enjoyed her .
When I was just <unk> to college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in our single-celled organisms , every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when organisms appear to make things start to change .
He goes into sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that goes through the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time for sexual reproduction .
I have to make a confession that when I was a college student , I was thinking , well , <unk> , <unk> , death death ; it looked pretty reasonable at the time , but with every year that was going on , I was getting more doubts .
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns , who was still in Las Vegas well in her 90s .
And one night someone hits your front door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , he 's got a magnificent dance .
He looks at it and says , `` I 've come up for a sex soup .
`` Okay , '' says George , `` I pick up the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution , not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted you to be healthy .
I wanted to get the health care of the disease .
I wanted we to live in more and healthier .
Evolution is about going through the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are like <unk> rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next level , the orbital level , and let us be falling into the sea .
I think we all would understand the feeling that expressed Allen Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily catch longevity .
It 's not necessarily treated the biggest or louder or faster and even the smartest .
Evolution favors the best adapted to their environment .
That 's the only test of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish cooked in the vacuum , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we come back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , the next phase -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that you do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we have known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been <unk> and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've set up our environment , so that fit us as well as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated out , <unk> , and we were so excited that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation that evolution occurs .
A second possibility is that we have an evolution of traditional , natural , dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , as a species <unk> distant planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , a attractive , intriguing and terrifying possibility .
And I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but we 're planning and elected for us as individuals in the decisions we will .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
So first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more boys than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what you choose to the individual and family level .
So , think also that if possible to be able to choose not just the sex of their offspring , but in your own body to make the genetic modifications to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make the genetic changes to get rid of diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Do n't you want to make those changes in their genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
The next year of being done , 2004 , I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a whole sequence of the 3,000 billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost to the $ 20,000 and a week .
We do n't have a lot to make the human genome for 1,000 and getting more and more in reach of all .
These changes come those changes .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to induce immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or there 's no experimental trial in the course of the flu vaccine in a plant plant cells .
Can you imagine a good thing out of tobacco ?
That 's actually today and in the future is going to be more and more possible .
Imagine then just another two little changes .
Can you change the cells from their bodies , but if they could change the cells of their offspring ?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> <unk> , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , to remove diabetes , to remove the diabetes , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want a healthier child ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to take <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings on everything if you could get it out of the next generation of the computer Watson ?
Why do n't you have a <unk> muscle that allowed us to run faster and further away ?
Why do n't you live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions of surviving this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years , and we can compress it back to 1,000 years , and maybe it happened within the next 100 years .
These are elections that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to get to them .
Are we going to use these choices as a better , more successful , more considered ?
Or , we 're going to selectively choose different attributes that we want for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more robust , and more maneuverable and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the most profound thing about everything : Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think of , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a <unk> airplane .
Imagine a motor making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds scary .
Well , I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to the flight flight .
So I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot already had taken the airplane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the airplane with the Hudson River .
Mostly , that 's not the route .
It takes the motors out .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three <unk> words I 've heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to speak more with the flight assistant .
I could see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in an instant .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people who I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences that I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've wanted to have and I never had .
As I thought about that later , I was a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it .
I do n't want to miss anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while the George Washington bridge is , which was n't quite a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , with my mistakes , I 've tried to get better in everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also hit my ego .
And I 'm sorry time I wasted in things that did n't matter with people who do matter .
And I thought about my wife with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , as a result , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels like wonders .
I 'm not trying to be right ; I 'm going to be happy .
The third thing that I learned -- and this is how your mental clock is going to be <unk> , 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while I had a <unk> , I had the feeling of Wow , wow , dying is not scary .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for it all of our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is <unk> in a single thought , which is , just desire one thing .
I wish I could see my children growing .
One month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- the first degree , not a lot of artistic talent -- yet , and I scream , I cry , like a small one .
And for me , that was the whole reason to be the world .
In that point I understood , I would connect those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
He gave me a miracle , not to die that day .
And he gave me another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and go back and live otherwise .
You 're flying today , the challenge you can imagine that the same thing happens to your airplane -- and please be like that -- but imagine , and how would you change ?
What do you do , you still expect to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would their relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents that you can ?
Thank you .
Now , I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most cool thing I worked with was for this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
One day came to his house after running , and said , `` Dad , I feel tingling in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today , <unk> has complete paralysis .
It can only use your eyes .
His work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so , obviously , graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the art world .
So we decided that we were going to fund Tony , <unk> , and their cause .
So I went and met with her brother and her father and I said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him , and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` One second , do n't you see Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're a big one and you have a very good insurance ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate ? ''
Did anybody see the movie `` Is the scuba and the butterfly '' ?
They communicate in that way -- you 're going <unk> with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check , and instead of that signed a check that I had no idea how I was going to cover .
I committed to her brother and father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to go back to it again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who 's in their inner ca n't communicate . ''
So I talked about a couple of months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Research , '' which have a technology that lets them project a light on any surface , and then with a laser pointer , it 's drawn on that and you record negative space .
So they 're going around doing art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
First of all start with sexual organs , then with bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and eventually people start to make art .
But there was always a life cycle in their presentations .
And so the journey began .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a year , and a lot of organization , and a lot of organization , we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that they could be able to communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's about the most fun thing ; I call it <unk> because when I talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't . '' This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all over the world 's <unk> of all the corners of the <unk> to our house .
My wife and I , and I moved to the garage of the back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> , took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought that we were doing something completely stupid , and that when they would have taken off the frames of the walls and instead would have graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the sea season in Venice , my son was part , my dog , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought on the sea season in Human Beach , something of copper wire and <unk> <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we put it up , we put it on an LED light , and now there 's a device that is free and it builds yourself ; we published the code down the software that 's low at free .
And we created a device that does n't have limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says , `` No . ''
There is no hospital that can say `` No . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using just his eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
So at the end of the two weeks we went back into the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than one planning year , two weeks of programming , intense night sessions , Tony came back and draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran out the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking lot of the hospital .
And he went back to drawing for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
And the funny thing was that we had to bust in the parking lot , so we feel like we were doing the graffiti as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what was saying to us , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been under the water and somebody finally came to me and get me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way , that 's our cry .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a cool device , but it 's the equivalent of a Pot .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to make it better and make it faster and robust .
Since then , we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've gained a lot of prizes .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
It all comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were the guy , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us and then , December Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 inventions in 2010 , and it was really great .
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up about the <unk> is that in April of this year in the <unk> <unk> in downtown Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called Art on the <unk> .
And Art in <unk> is going to have the best <unk> of the urban urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show that it 's pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , make it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> nothing was possible at some point .
Make it happen -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology , and I just recognized something and I would relate to people so amazing to make it happen .
And these are the questions I want you all to do every day when we find something that we feel that you need to do . If it 's not now , when , if I 'm not , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years involved in situations which are usually very difficult , and at the same time as much dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
It 's endangered in war zones and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- it 's fun in the beginning , something hard in the middle , very dangerous in the end .
In fact , in much of my career , I 've been messing around in situations on horrible appearance , with the only goal to try and examine social issues in ways that are attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that looked at cool and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew that I was going to come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands , and what happened I wanted to do something a little bit different .
So some of you may have heard of it , or not , a couple of weeks ago I took a warning in <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I volunteered for the rights of my TEDTalk for 2011 .
What had was the next thing to do : `` Let 's look at this thing : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's about and content might be in the face , especially if I put it on ridicule to you , and your company to do it .
But said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot of .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even that <unk> knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I could n't tell them with certain .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we tested the marketing world , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've gotten myself in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing I could do , nothing could be done , for something that 's so difficult or as dangerous as you go into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that tries to make the product of products , the marketing and advertising , and that the whole film is <unk> with product , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` The biggest ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The biggest <unk> ever sold '' is that it 's all up at the bottom , beginning to end , has brand images , all the time , from the <unk> that appears before the title , the X brand .
Now this brand , <unk> <unk> , <unk> Center ...
These people were taking the film in forever , forever .
And so the film explores this whole idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant -- it 's what ? ( MK : It 's redundant .
I 'm one folding . ( MK : I just say it .
It was , rather . forever .
But we 're not just going to have the X branding sponsors in the title , but we 're going to make sure that we were putting out all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe that you 've used ...
The most cool car that we 've driven in `` The biggest <unk> ever sold , '' the best drink you 've drunk , <unk> of `` The biggest never sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then going to show the brands as part of the life , making them out of the film ? ( MS : Making the film -- ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The film of the film film is transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , from beginning to end .
And I would love to help them help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
Guy : Yet , I do n't know how supportive is going to be the people .
<unk> : You have a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to make it ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money do you need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( D.C. : All right ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard for the meeting with them , but it certainly is going to be worth making a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes out to us as a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be no .
MS : But will it be hard to sell it , for the film or for me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : That means you 're not very optimistic .
So help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think about which brands .
MS : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge . ''
MK : We have some places where I go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought , `` switch off the camera , '' meant we have a conversation out of microphone .
You 're going to get the camera , it means `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so , one of these companies suddenly disappeared .
No one wanted anything to do with this movie .
I was shocked .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , was to introduce the product to as many people as possible , to make as many people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the landscape of the separate media scenario , is n't the idea to do with that new guaranteed vehicle that 's going to take the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> error and that error was this .
Actually , no , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
That would have been good .
But the problem is what this image represents .
See , when you 're looking for images of Google ' Google -- this is one of the first images that appear .
I like you to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable -- which is characterized by the visibility or access of information , mostly in business practices -- being the last line maybe the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians named the name , the president , even the CEOs named the name .
But all of a sudden when it comes to it , it changes all of a sudden .
But why ? Well , transparency will fear -- like that weird bear that still continues .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
<unk> a whole bowl of Cool Cool Carpet .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell them we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell a story . ''
We want them to tell a story , but what do you want to tell . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is he staring at me as I used to say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just a company , one agency wanting to help me -- and that 's just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> in many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own , I would have to take off the middle and go to the companies myself with all my team .
So what I started to figure out , suddenly , which I started to tell myself is that when you start talking to the businesses , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant films and others who make small , independent films like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giant people say that the reason their films are so successful because of the brands associated with it .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The biggest ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically in the movie in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant .
At any time during an interview , I can say , `` Are you good good for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see a little bit nervous .
I want to help you .
Maybe you should get some of this before the interview . ''
And there would offer one of these fabulous smells .
<unk> <unk> , like `` <unk> of paradise '' will have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman , solid , <unk> , in bar , whatever .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at <unk> .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
We 're going to give it to the kind of little movies that <unk> them ; we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that has other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , remind people are the reason why we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe to tomorrow ?
It 's in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : superior technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We 're talking about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus `` combat smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do you keep you cool more time ? With better freshness , the more freshness , three times more cool .
Things like those that highlight the benefits .
MS : And that 's a dollar company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man from the street , people like me , the common <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the 1980s , punk rock rock . ' unless it goes down .
MS : Okay , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : One thing . ( MS : unique . ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like the dark colors , many gray colors and things like that .
Usually I wear accessories like sunglasses , or I like crystals and similar .
Woman : If Dan was a brand a classic <unk> ' , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand that I am , I call it casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : In part of a hippie , in part <unk> , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the type of pets .
We would make toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because deliver the commodities .
Man 5 : Nation <unk> failed .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we do n't all see Tom , but I often lie to the intersection of dark <unk> and casual <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could get into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the `` brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality personality .
If they could do it for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A little bit of how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These are a way of looking at the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world , I think your world is the world you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live in your life , the work you do .
All of those things start coming out and start in a place and in my case come from and start in my family , in West Virginia .
What 's the next thing you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
So how does this relate to your thoughts and feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who would like to be .
I like things different .
I like the weird stuff . I like things weird .
A : Tell me about why , why does that work ?
What 's the machete ? What phase of <unk> are you now ?
Why is we important to reset the ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little bit more than you , which is not who you are .
What other people have you had ?
It does n't have to be scared . What kind of mountain mountain are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( Audience : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) ( MS : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to get out of this .
There was a lot of madness in all of this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary sides , in your brand personality ; the brand Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
It 's very good at all .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies are just going into one of your strong points or the other instead of focusing on both .
Many companies tend to avoid the things that are not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you actually hurt them and make them become positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here by Target , Wii , Mini of Mini <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and brands conscious , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is quite potent .
MS : <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If somebody asks you to take your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you an bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you a downward attribute ?
A little bit more quiet , reserved , conservative ?
<unk> attributes are kind of like being cool like <unk> , contemporary , adventurous , bold or bold as <unk> <unk> , fast or agile , profane , dominant or mystic like <unk> .
Or are you more to attribute descending ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
You 're set , traditional , provider , protective ? Do you identify you with Oprah ?
You 're reliable , stable , familiar , reliable , safe , contemplative , contemplative , loving , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 companies and bottom-up and descending companies that said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because you would n't have control , they would n't have control over the final product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use MRI to identify the MRI centers in the brain so much for commercial marketing .
We went to the San Paulo where they banned open air ads .
In the entire city over the last five years , there are no fences , there 's no posters , there 's nothing .
And we went to school districts where companies are getting on the way in schools with liquidity issues in America .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I 've had the biggest answer or the ones that I 've been with more successfully are the ones that I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
They went to the <unk> , they took off to their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with an artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think , that it 's going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did you go ? They were successful ?
Well , since the movie was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the movie in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This is just about two weeks and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie is still not going on .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad about all the agencies that we 're talking about to do with their customers not to be part of it .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get out of people that are pushing them to failure .
I think when you train your employees at risk aversion is preparing your whole company to be a reward .
I feel that what has to happen to advance is that we need to encourage people to risk .
We need to encourage people to do not fear of the opportunities that they can afford .
Ultimately , I think we have to give the fear of fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
<unk> fear . <unk> risk .
From one <unk> at once , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to keep transparency .
Today , more than never a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said that , with honesty and transparency , my whole talk , `` <unk> the Transparency '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for dollars bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents to be called the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So Morgan , in name of transparency , who happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's a fantastic question .
In my pocket , I have a check at the name of the TED array of TED , the Sapling Foundation , a check for dollars to be applied to my attendance for TED next year .
The idea behind the IT worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant in <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time .
If we were able to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of trouble with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we could put a Windows cash virus in a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damaged the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is taken off ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
And when we started research research six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that I knew is that it 's very , very complex on the Windows part : the <unk> would use <unk> vulnerabilities .
It seemed like to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment at Stuxnet , and we saw what was going on with this .
So they spent very strange things .
Stuxnet behaves like a lab rat who did n't like our cheese : it wave it , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And after experimenting with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a <unk> attack . ''
It 's completely headed . ''
The <unk> is looking for active in the gray box if he finds a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working in that place .
If not , Stuxnet does n't do anything .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , say , for example , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than the goal soon .
So we pulled out and <unk> the code of attack , and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs : a small one and a big one .
We also saw that they were armed with very professionally by people who obviously had all of the internal information .
We 're going to take all the points that attack .
You probably even know how much the operator was going .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard the Stuxnet <unk> is complex and high-tech , let me tell you : the payload is very complex .
It 's very above everything we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this attack code .
We 're talking about 15 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old Mars assembler .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking at at first were calls into function of the system , because we know what they do .
And then we were looking at <unk> and data structures and we were trying to figure out with the real world , with potential goals of the real world .
We need theories about recipients that we could pass on or <unk> .
To get to the theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a valuable white , and it 's probably located in Iran , because the majority of infections has been <unk> .
You do n't find several thousand targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` Give me a list of all the experts in <unk> and power plants among our clients . ''
I called them and I went into an effort to marry their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with rotor of rotor .
rotor is that part of a mobile part inside the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor , they certainly can make it even <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
So what we also saw is that the heart goal was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to go back to the maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this quickly .
We 're trying to figure out the big digital <unk> looking at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows up in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started researching scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they are structured in what 's called a waterfall , and each waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better .
These <unk> in Iran are split in 15 parts of them called the stages .
And guess what we found in the attack code ?
There 's almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had in the hands of .
So there 's no misunderstanding : it was n't .
The results have been achieved by several weeks of hard work .
That 's routinely <unk> dead ends , and we had to go back .
Yet we discovered that both digital warheads were going to just one and same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> is communicating with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry about other targets to be asked by Stuxnet .
Here I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really impressed me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example , of pressure sensors and the vibration sensors and provide legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with false input data .
And believe it or not , these false input data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in the Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security chamber is <unk> video .
Is it great ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> on the operators in the room .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast .
For example , in a energy plant , when the steam turbine goes out of speed , you have to open <unk> tubes .
Obviously , this ca n't do it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're committed , then they can spend bad things .
The plant can explode .
And I 'm not the workers and the security system you 'll notice .
That scares it .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium <unk> .
It could work also , for example , in an energy plant , or a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- as the attacker , that disseminate this payload with a USB key , as we saw at Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional technologies of sandworms .
<unk> as possible .
And if you made that , what you 're going to do is with a massive destruction of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence that we need to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to deal with the consequences , and better than we start to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , has been public in many sides that people assume that the <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your view ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one single thing , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give them <unk> skills , or another one that makes people out of wheels chairs and go back to walk .
In <unk> <unk> , we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's nothing different from something that puts in the morning , it gives you a big force , which is also increasing your speed , and help , for example , to handle the balance .
It 's actually true integration of man and machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other foreign entities .
This is not a false idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier that , on average , should take on their back a 45 kilograms charge , and they 're pushing it to get more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some major complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage .
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help drive the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> .
Soldier : With <unk> exoskeleton , I can carry 90 kilos of variables for many hours .
Their design design , it allows you to get a lot of <unk> and running motions with great agility .
I 'm going to tell you what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this new exoskeleton .
I mean , it 's a reality .
So let 's go back to the users of wheelchair wheelchair , which I feel particularly passionate about .
68 million people are <unk> , in wheelchair , all over the world .
Like one percent of the population .
And this is a very conservative calculation .
We talked about something that often , very young people , with damage on the column that when they start their life -- at 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option .
We also talk about the population that gets older that it takes up rapidly .
Their only option , many times -- because of a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been this for the last 500 years , since its successful emergence , as I have to recognize .
So we decided to start to write a new chapter on mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> who 19 years ago , he had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result , he could n't walk back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which I mentioned .
It 's got some sensors .
It 's completely <unk> on crutches that send signals to the onboard computer , here on the back .
There are some batteries that give rise to the hips , and on the knees , and they 're making it forward with this soft and very natural gait .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a strange jump in the air , skiing costs down below .
On a fraction of a second , I lost every feeling and all of the pelvis movement down .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my bedroom in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk you . ''
That was 19 years ago .
So I stole my hands up to the last piece of hope of my self .
The technology of adaptation since then , has allowed me to learn to <unk> <unk> , climbing rocks and even riding on a hand .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit on and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just from soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of wheelchair to everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , they practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where the fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the <unk> of Man <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet his cousins .
This is the world of wild bonobos in Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've done so much emphasis on this aspect of our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the currency .
While chimps are dominated by large , terrifying , human society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where commercial violence has not been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> rainforest , and it 's been very hard to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been extended for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction also puts in danger of survival of the Bonobo .
The trade of hunting and deforestation do n't get filling up and a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world -- and honestly , we 're not even sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the laughter hidden from the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes like `` do love , not war , '' because they have frequent , <unk> and bisexual , to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , as humans , love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a <unk> .
For us and for them , the game is fundamental to establish ties and foster tolerance .
With him , we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
The game increases creativity and resilience , and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo , you see the very evolutionary roots of laughter , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple unique videos taken from the wild .
First , it 's a Bonobo game , and I do n't talk about football .
Here 's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` It 's taken out of the balls . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yes .
So sexual play is common both in bonobos as in humans .
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into the game -- like <unk> and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can take a lot of ways , some of which are most <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is going to happen .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who is playing with water that 's playing with it .
I think that , as she , sometimes we play alone , and explore the limits of our inner and external worlds .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we formed are the real fall of creativity .
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future that we need to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our <unk> <unk> .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But let 's get to the maximum of our game ability ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
bonobos and humans alike , is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks at least appropriate to play , you can be the moments in which it is the most urgent .
And so , primates , embrace this gift of evolution and play together as <unk> creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not battling poverty , it 's <unk> fires as a captain of a captain in a volunteer company .
And in our city , where the volunteers are , you know , to make a highly skilled staff , one has to get to the fire site very soon to get in action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But still there was a career on foot against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through the worst days of his life .
We were in full night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in <unk> , barefoot , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just got before I was , <unk> <unk> came up first to the captain , and he asked her to walk in and save the owner of the house owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> jealous .
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people who walked into a burning building to save a live live , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to come home .
I need to go up , <unk> the fire , and I bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went upstairs , at the end of the hallway , country to the <unk> firemen , which at that height or less they had finished on the fire and went into the fourth room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my load back by the staircase where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog at the front door .
We got out from the house the treasures in the house where , as it was to wait , his treasure was a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department got a letter from the owner 's owner 's owner 's owner 's owner 's own letter to save his house .
The kindness that she looked at for me was that someone had reached a pair of shoes .
Both my calling in Robin Hood , like in my calling as a voluntary fireman , I 'm a witness to acts of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale , but also acts of grace and courage on the individual .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So when I look in this room to people who have achieved , or they 're doing remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you this : Do n't wait .
Do n't wait for the first million to make a difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , <unk> now .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a park in the neighborhood .
It 's mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's life .
So I trained the game ; I 'll get the shoes up .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks were built in 1868 with a very simple idea : <unk> modules from a fixed measure that fit into each other .
Very quickly , these became the most used construction unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , LEGO came up with this .
He was called the automatic assembly brick .
And in a few years , the LEGO bricks came to all homes .
It 's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO made it accessible .
LEGO simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , at the Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks in a world where everything was interactive .
Like the block of concrete , the transistor allows you to create much larger and more complex circuits , a brick at a time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started to explore the idea of getting the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they join through magnets .
So you ca n't put place in a wrong way .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the exit , the blue is the current , the rose is the entrance and the orange one is the wire .
So you just have to assemble a blue one with a green and very quickly , you can start making bigger circuits .
A blue one with a green one makes light .
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator .
If we change the button by a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a light on it .
We added this timbre to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are really very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connecting and <unk> , <unk> allows us to program using very simple gestures .
To make you blink faster or slower , you just tour this button that makes the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to go into bricks , ready to use .
Enlightenment , sounds , solar panels , motors -- everything must be accessible .
We 've brought to kids to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a daylight works , or why the door of an elevator gets open , or how a iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without an electronic experience start playing with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles and felt , we have <unk> creating ...
( metal metal ) A few weeks ago , we took <unk> designers out of Rhode Island School of Design , which is no experience in engineering , just in cardboard and wood and paper , and we said , `` Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that you 've done , a <unk> cannon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a lobster made of Play-Doh <unk> that 's afraid of darkness .
For these <unk> , <unk> became another material , the electronics became another material .
And we want this material to reach all of us .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can go on the website , download all of the design files and our manufacture .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world that we live in , this interactive world is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar industry industry .
And my little company is seeking to get involved in the environment .
distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit of load .
We can go on , we can continue the video to one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , how do I term time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represent almost everything you 're supposed to hate ; we asked them to work in the government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America and would be like <unk> Peace .
And we had a few members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we send them into the wild world .
They made great applications ; they worked with municipal employees .
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology .
So I think about it .
It 's a fire fire hydrant .
So here 's as if I would find a quote , but what he really looks for is that someone would clean up when it 's caught down the snow because he knows that it 's not very good at turning fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and at that time it snowed much last year .
They realized that the city never wiped these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens cleaned up with shovels right in front of them .
So he did as any good programmer , he developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can adopt a fire fire .
You accept cleaning up when it snows .
By doing that , you put a name , in this case , he put it on .
If you do n't do it , someone can afford them .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe the youngest of the 21st applications took last year .
But it makes something another technology of the government achieved .
And it extends viral .
A responsible responsible for the City of Honolulu in looking at this app was realized that I could use it , not for snow , but for citizens to have <unk> Sirens .
It 's very important that they work on the tsunami , but people steals the batteries .
That 's why he asks the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided it 's used to use it to make the citizens clean up drains .
And Chicago just got throwing it out to make people go to clean sidewalks when it snows .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has spread without friction , naturally and natural .
If you know a little bit of government technology will know that this does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
And then they told us that I had done by the normal channels would have taken at least two and cost about two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the power courts of California that until the moment has cost 2,000 million dollars and does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
That 's why an application that was program in a couple of days , and it spreads viral is a kind of warning shot to the institution of the government .
It suggests the world 's best ways to work , not like private companies , as many people think it should be .
Nor is a technological company , but rather as well as the Internet itself .
That is , without constraints , in an open and generative fashion .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an ongoing institution , but as a problem of collective action .
And that 's really good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology .
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people all over the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
Do n't have given up with the government .
They feel a great frustration to that , but you do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something that we 've lost from view .
And it is that if we leave the feelings of the politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all those other things that you get crazy , the government is essentially in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together because we alone ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to celebrate it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does n't change .
And because the government ultimately grows out of us -- remember that from `` We , the people , '' the way to think about it is to affect the way of producing change .
I did n't know a lot about government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to carry in charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , above all , about <unk> .
This is the phone care center of services and information .
It 's the place that calls calls if you mark 311 in America .
Scott answered this call .
I joined <unk> in the official knowledge .
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And he finally said , `` Hey , you can open the house door , put it very strong and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So for Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an application , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
You do n't have that app .
It was the work of very intelligent people from the Office of New York City Island .
One day , this really happened , this asked , `` <unk> in my garbage garbage . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to leave it ? ''
The <unk> dynamic of <unk> is different .
Scott was talking to people .
In <unk> <unk> ' is all public , so everybody can see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report was saying , `` I went up to the place , I found the garbage cube behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes . I lived ? Yes .
And I turned the cube around . I went home .
Good evening , <unk> sweet . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of what digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And I do n't necessarily mean the definition of technological technology .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to help and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
I connected the two people .
And it could be connected to the governmental services of being necessary , but the neighbor is a better and cheaper alternative than the government services .
When one neighbor helps each other , we 'll turn the communities out .
If we call animal control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but you think that one is the entrance to the other .
That our input to the government system is the vote .
How many times have chosen to a political leader , sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that the government reflects our values and concern our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the <unk> surface of a inches .
below it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that keeps that that belongs to us as something that we funded as something that operates in our own , that other thing , and we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make a bureaucracy .
Because it 's where the real work of government happens .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens who have written a very detailed detailed report of 325 pages in response to the order of financial reform project on the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us who have resigned to the government , it 's time to ask what world we want to leave to our kids .
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face .
Do you really believe that we 're going to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of everybody ?
We ca n't afford without government , we need it to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology , it 's possible to rethink the function of government function so that it can expand strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not so hard to act on it , and you just have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years , so I , reluctantly , I 'm a greater generation that many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up by taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to speak , everyone will talk .
They can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and they do it .
So when the government problem is , they do n't really care about making their voices .
They 're using your hands .
They get hands on the work to program apps that make apps better .
And those applications allow us to use their hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a fire hydrant , taking out of weeds , dumping a garbage garbage , which has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned those fire hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , not only are consumers of government we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until they did n't kill citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or will we be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in marginalized communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimuli has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that are telling you here have impact around the world .
Occasionally , if something comes from TED , it has a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean , it 's because I think identity is important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if you teach them with feeling , you can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , if it 's <unk> , it can get much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in practice of the right , my job .
I learned from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house in a traditional African-American family , dominated by a matriarch , who was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , it had power .
It was the last word in every discussion in the family .
She began a lot of the <unk> in our home .
She was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia over the 1840 .
She was born in the 1880s , and his experience with slavery identified how he looked at the world .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was a little girl and I looked at it , she was approaching me and gave a good hug .
I was so strong that I could barely breathe , and then I got bored .
One or two hours later , I would come back to look at her , and he was approaching me , and he said , `` Hey , do you still feel my hug ? ''
And if he said no , I 'll tell you again , and if I was saying yes , I kept on peace .
I had this human quality that I would always want to be close to .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the lower 10 .
Occasionally , when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to capture his time and her attention .
My cousins were running everywhere .
I remember when I was eight , I woke up one morning , I went to the room and there were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first , I thought I was a game .
So I looked at it and he smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 , 20 minutes , she stood up , went through the room , and he said , `` You see <unk> . We 're going to talk about it . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I will never forget .
It took me outside and said , `` Come on , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` All right , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now you 're not going to do it . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching you . ''
And he added , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do anything you want . ''
I will never forget .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to tell you that always the <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said , `` The second thing I want you to do is that you 're always going to do the right thing but the right thing is hard . ''
I thought , and I said , `` Yes , Mama . That 's how I will . ''
Then he finally said , `` The third thing I want you to do is that I never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in rural South , I have a brother a year older and sister a year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a <unk> package , I do n't know where he did , I grabbed my sister and to me and went to the forest .
We 're just getting out doing the madness of always .
He took a sip of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . Okay . You follow , but I 'm not going to take a beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . We 're doing it today . And you always do the same thing as we do .
I took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me staring at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
He went back and went on , `` Oh , you 're not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren who are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that I probably should n't say .
I know this is spreading widely .
But I have 52 years , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this , thinking it 's a virtue ; I 'm saying it by power that has identity .
When we create the right type of identity , we say things to others that really do n't make sense .
We ca n't get them to do things that they do n't believe .
I think my grandmother would naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in jail during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to it , we had to engage .
Now , trying to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
Today , there are 2.3 million .
In the United States , we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my opinion , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or black , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , certain of these facts .
One in three black and 30 years old is in jail or <unk> .
In urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the young color people are in jail or <unk> .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a justice system that makes you much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth is wealth .
And it seems to be very reassured .
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems our own .
We 're disconnected .
It 's interesting to me .
We 're looking at our work , some curious development .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as other states , if you 're having a criminal ticket , if you have a criminal prison .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has lost the right to vote .
And if we 're showing it over the next 10 years , the level of loss of loss will be as elevated as it was before we approved the law of the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
The United States is the only country in the world where I was thrown in 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this prison country for children , without any chance of getting out .
Now we 're in the process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I represent people in death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
In some sense , they 've been asking us to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by the <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the crimes of <unk> , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
Death penalty in America is defined by error .
Of nine people in Afghanistan , he has identified one that is innocent and released from death row .
One rate of error , amazing , an innocent one .
This is interesting .
In aviation , it would n't allow you to fly airplanes if you fall nine , you would have gone from crashing .
But in some way , we get rid of the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our payload .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my students with students on history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time that began at the end of the reconstruction , and that lasted up to World War II .
We really do n't know a lot about this .
But for the black Americans in this country , it was a very bit defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried to be bombarded .
The terror threat was what defined their lives .
Now there are older people who come to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you text talks , you text talks , <unk> , people who stop saying that in our history we deal with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say that we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of race and separation of separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood the meaning of what we 've historically done .
All the time we collide with each other .
We are constantly creating tensions and conflict .
It costs us to talk about races , I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a real and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome without a compromise with truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany doing conferences on death penalty .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know . ''
<unk> : `` We have no death penalty in Germany .
We can never be able to have it here . ''
The room stood in silence and a lady said , `` There is no way that our history , we could never get into systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , would put us to run people .
<unk> about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , <unk> people , especially if they were in their most Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these hard issues , positive and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . We have creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are driven by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , you need to integrate both of these things .
We talked about the need to have more hope , more commitment , more dedication to the basic challenges of life in this complex world .
I think that means I mean spending more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that are never going to TED .
So thinking about them , in a way , something that 's inside our self .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . In spite of being so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity , development is not just of brain ideas .
These things come from also enough ideas as well by the convictions of the heart .
This connection of your mind with the heart is what drives us to look not just in the brilliant and dazzling , but also in the dark and how hard it is .
We 'll get <unk> , the great Czech leader , talked about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe suffering , we wanted all sorts of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , guidance for the spirit , a will for being in <unk> sites and witnessed . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much at the heart of what I believe , that even in communities like TED , it has to engage .
There 's no disconnect with technology and design , which allows us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we are ignoring these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women came together just to speak .
Occasionally , the lady lady called me , to say , `` Come on , the lady comes out . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I was saying , `` Yes , ma'am . Yes I want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I said , `` <unk> . ''
So I went and just listened .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Mrs. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , let me tell me , tell me that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We 're trying to help those who have been doomed .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice administration .
We try to end up with the living sentences , without parole .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in jails .
We try to end up with massive <unk> . ''
I gave it all my best speech , and I finished looking at me and said , `` Hmm Mmmmm . ''
And he said , `` You 're exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that time , Mrs. <unk> leaned down , put my finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think that actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We have to figure out how to deal with those challenges , those problems , those problems , that suffering .
Because ultimately humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been brought into simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher than we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that does n't belong , it 's not that it 's a burglar .
Even if somebody kills another one , it 's not a killer .
And so I think there 's a basic dignity in the people who must be <unk> by law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
This is not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very inspiring , we 're not being judged by our technology , because of our designs , or for our intellectual and rational capacity .
In the end , the character is judging the character of a society , not by the way that they treat rich and powerful and privileged , but as they treat the poor , the prisoners , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand really profound topics on what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to finish with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like all .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my challenge in an important way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been convicted of the toughness .
I 'm going to jail , and I see my customers 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> so that they were <unk> as adults as adults as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge become a judge in what is n't it ?
And the judge was broken as an adult , but I see a child .
One night too late , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can become something that you 're not , should have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for something of that .
As I was very late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14-year-old customer , a small , poor , black man .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> saying , `` You know , I 'm going to say , `` <unk> for me that my black customer , it 's treated as a <unk> <unk> , CEO of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I put in that there had been conduct conduct at the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country there are no ethics , but a whole lack of ethics .
The next morning I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or did I really write it ?
For my horror , it was n't just the <unk> , but he had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to court with this stupid case .
I got in the car and I was really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went in the car to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally got off the car . I walked to court .
I was going up the stairs when I met a black man , and he was the <unk> .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` Is it you . lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I walked up and moved around .
I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That 's deeply connected to me , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audience 's room .
And when you go into the judge .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold audacious ? ''
I said , `` Yes Mr. I was me . '' And we started discussing .
People started coming . They were all upset .
I was the one that had written those crazy .
They got the policemen prosecutors , universities .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . They were all furious , because we talked about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the corner of the eye , I turned to the <unk> that he was going and came .
I would look out the window , and you 'll just hear the whole thing that <unk> .
It continued to walk over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with a face of concern , went into the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge would take a break .
During the break , a sheriff 's assistant showed upset because the <unk> had entered the room .
The assistant ran over the old black man .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the hearings room ? ''
And the old black man stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went into this audience 's room to tell this young woman to keep his view in the <unk> target . ''
I 've come to TED today , because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large , but it folds to justice .
That we can not be truly human humans if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must take care of brotherhood and Compassion and justice .
And above all , to those of the present to those of you who share this , I just want to tell you that keep your view in the <unk> target .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see a general desire in the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to make an effort to promote the funds that spend today in punishment today .
For example , here in California , you 'll spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years . billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the killing cases of murder .
<unk> percent of rapes do n't get anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that these funds will be able to get the law , to security .
I think there is a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the greatest incarceration rate .
What would you say to those who believe it is this ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth growth growth in this country is not for crimes of violence .
It 's because of the wrong War on drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the European population .
And we kept trying to convince punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people into life of life -- for stealing a bicycle , by small crimes against property , rather than making them take those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does n't do anything for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 're excited about today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : They grow the threats by Bin Laden .
<unk> : <unk> in Somalia . Three : The police throws O.C . spray .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> : <unk> 5 : <unk> <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> social . <unk> : 65 .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> tsunami : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War on drug War . It 's massive .
Recession . <unk> . <unk> end . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months -- <unk> could be over the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that press media would prefer negative news , because our minds are paying attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses get many more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing we care about to survive , the first stop of all of these data is an ancient piece of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm .
That 's why a <unk> of <unk> stories look at negative .
That old saying of the press , `` If there 's blood , sell , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices give us negative news , seven days of week , 24 hours a day , no wonder that we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is going wrong on worse .
But maybe it 's not .
Maybe , instead , what happens is that we get <unk> .
Maybe the huge progress that we 've done in the last century is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , extinction of species , water scarcity , and we certainly have them .
As humans , we are very good at solving the problems and , in the long , we 've done with them .
Let 's look at what happened in the last century to see where we 're going .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , the average income per capita per capita adjusted per capita adjusted across the world .
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful era of human history .
And Charles Cutkosky that the world literacy has 25 percent over 80 percent over the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we continue to give ourselves , increasingly high expectations .
In fact , we redefined meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America , much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the rubber last century , the <unk> of the planet would never have dreamed of that luxury .
It 's a lot of the technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> in information technology is jumps into this curve , Moore 's Law , and double the price of price in about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone that you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law over the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , how smooth it is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , in recession and booming .
It 's the speed of fast computers used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop in front of the big challenges .
And even though he 's <unk> in a law on the left , the curve goes up .
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast .
And on this curve , the Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , that my friends in Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing , and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production on the whole planet , synthetic biology , the fuels , the vaccines and the food , our fuel and the AI .
I mean , how many saw victory on `` Jeopardy ' `` Jeopardy '' on IBM ?
It was epic .
I looked in the newspaper the best headline that I had .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
He plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence intelligence , available for all of the mobile phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how can they be used to solve the vast challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , which can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students can impact the lives of a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would have been absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done it .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean creating luxury life for every single person on the planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that that is scarce and making it abundant .
You see , the scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon III in the middle of 1800 .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited the king of <unk> .
The dotcom troops ate with silver , and the same Napoleon , with gold covered .
But the <unk> king , ate with aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it was worth more than gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington Washington approach is aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is <unk> percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's tethered to oxygen and <unk> .
But then he came up with it and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
I 'm going to take this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They come to the Earth 16 <unk> energy .
It 's not about scarcity , but access .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the CO2 generated : radical rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar power fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the United States parts of America , solar power will cost six cents per hour compared to the 15 cents of national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about the wars in the water .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed to the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth , in 1990 , after Saturn , Saturn ?
So I picked up a famous picture . How did it call ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fight for one percent of the water on the planet , but there 's also an hope .
It 's a technology available , not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes from nanotechnology , the recyclable .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , I gave you permission to do that -- your technology called <unk> <unk> already is the size of a small fridge .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water on the day of any water , contaminated water , a <unk> by less than two cents a gallon .
The Coca-Cola president was just remembered that I 'm going to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out well , and I have full confidence that this is going to be , Coca-Cola is going to implement internationally in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an ongoing innovation of this technology that today exists .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya that President Reagan is 25 years ago .
And to have a smartphone with a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communication that nobody might have predicted .
Best than that , the things that you and I have paid for tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars , <unk> , video HD , images , libraries of books and music , diagnostic technology now <unk> and lost market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing to get to you when you come up with health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure of announce with the <unk> Foundation called the X <unk> Prize for 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world so that combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about , and because it has A.I . , they may be coughing , you can find blood of your finger .
To win has to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors , where the morbidity charge is 25 percent , and there 's 1.3 percent of health care workers .
When this device <unk> a virus of RNA or DNA that wo n't recognize , call the health care and , first of all , prevent the pandemic .
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call the billion rise .
The white lines here are the population .
We just had the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against the population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , go from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds have never been heard that you add to the global conversation .
What do these people want ?
What do you have ? What does you want ?
And instead of economic collapse , we will have the biggest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of trillions of dollars in the global economy .
And more health care thanks to <unk> , from a better education with the Khan Academy , and because of the use of 3D impressions and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity , healthy educated and productive ?
How about voices never heard before ?
What if we give them to the oppressed , wherever you are , a voice to be heard and power to act for the first time ?
What about these three billion ?
What if they are contributions that we ca n't do ?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that were previously able to do great corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end by sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at Washington University , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's really important in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They have played with these college professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people turned around and began to play them .
And it 's shown that today 's pattern recognition machine is better than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me enormous trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the vast challenges of the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion for the <unk> .
We have the capital capital .
And we have three billion new minds that we 're getting excited about to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have a few extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , before I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , 1835 .
Maybe they believed that he was trying to go out , but it was n't .
You actually pick up fish .
And he described to one of them as very `` common . ''
It was the grouper .
It was caught up to the 1880s .
Now the fish is at the <unk> Red List .
But we 've heard this story a lot of times , the Galapagos and other places , so that 's no special thing .
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures are still saying they follow intact .
So what 's going on here ?
Second story , it illustrates another concept : the shift from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
It burned a lot to the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , in the mangroves .
I had <unk> from about 20 inches , a black beard .
And the fishery of this tilapia was very abundant and spent for a good moment , so it took more than half in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , the number of fish had halved .
<unk> at five inches .
It 's a genetic pressure .
There was still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of trawling in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , well , I was starting in <unk> Europe in the 1970s .
The fishing development was imposing the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , was called <unk> 4 .
I went out to fish in him , and we did studies in southern China 's North China , and above all , on the Java Sea .
What we found out there was something that we took out .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we capture were sponges , other animals that are in the background .
And most of the fish are blobs tiny , and most of the remains , the remains of coral reef .
In short , the sea floor came to the deck , and then it was launched .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study and then start commercial fishing .
The background of being a solid background of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead tortoise .
They did n't eat them . I wrote them because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
I was n't yet <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what they collect every time they go to an area where they 've never fished .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
<unk> the starting point , at the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you look at this , something like that .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with naturally .
Each generation is using images at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the accumulation of changes .
And in the end , keep the miserable remains .
And that , largely , we want to do it now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies are killing animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that 's very abundant , before gone extinct , is rare .
You do n't lose bird animals .
You lose animals <unk> .
Even if this is not a big loss .
Over time , we focus on the big animals , and in a synonymous with the synonymous with big fish .
They become rare , because the <unk> .
With time , you have few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they 'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way that they would expect to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of you have to show , as the captain of that , and as I looked at a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or generally not use the scientists of fishing , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
From there the huge role that can deliver a protected marine zone .
Because in marine protected areas , we actually visualize the past .
It 's going to take advantage of the past that people ca n't conceive of because the departure point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a marine protected area and they can benefit from the vision that it provides , which allows them to erase their baseline .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like the people in the West , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and film , maybe you can fill the vacuum , the simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
There were a long time ago in Chesapeake Bay -- 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and the <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about what people were being moved with the movie -- -- -- -- -- will you talk about the story of <unk> why they were doing with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in some sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only thing to give , is Cameron , making `` Avatar II . ''
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube set manager , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way .
It 's true .
So today , we 'll see why videos are done viral and what importance has that .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that looked like something very , very difficult .
But today , the web video makes any of us , or our actions , copper in part of our global culture .
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
You go up over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute .
And , of course , only a small percentage is viral , it gets countless hits and it wins cultural momentum .
How does that happen ?
Three things : <unk> communities , participation communities and factor factor .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video filmed outside his house in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was 23 million times .
This graph shows the views in the popularity of the past summer .
He was not proposed to do a viral video .
I just wanted to share a rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called the Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had already published a lot of videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy Kimmel .
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that he would tweet the video to popularity .
The <unk> of trends like Jimmy Kimmel will present us new and interesting things , and we 'll bring them into a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , Friday , Friday , and you have to start on Friday , and everybody wants to get on a weekend , the weekend . <unk> on Friday . You 're running on Friday . KA : You wo n't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
Rebecca <unk> from Rebecca is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency frequency .
Like `` rainbow doubles '' -- this video seemed to have emerged out of nowhere .
So what happened to this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson J. Nelson J. Theater , was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a group of creators embrace a point of view and share it with a broader audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts to talk about that and do things .
And now there 's 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
In the first seven days , there was a parody for each other days .
Unlike the one-way 20th century , this communal involvement is our own way of being part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` Cat Cat '' is a repetitive animation with a chord of music .
That 's that , so that 's all .
This year was about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours version that has seen four million times .
Even the cats saw this video .
And there are cats who saw other cats to see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made an old version of the old .
And then it became international .
Suddenly , a whole community of remix that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all be in .
Because today we 're not just enjoying it , we 're involved .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who might have predicted rainbow or Rebecca Black or `` Cat Cat '' ?
What script might have written to you ?
In a world where two days of video come up for a minute , just that really unique and unexpected thing can make it out of the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great clip of a guy who protest <unk> in New York City , I admit that I was n't interested in too much .
Casey <unk> : I got ticket to <unk> by <unk> , but often there are obstacles that you prevent in <unk> properly .
KA : Thank you the surprise and his humor , Casey <unk> made it five million to see and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth how new we do creative .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , totally unexpected , are features of a new type of media , a new culture , which we all have access to and is the audience that defines the popularity .
As I said before , one of the early celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , began on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little owners of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , and they 're just the current media , but they will define the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still setting up .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country .
Imagine the communist in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so long , women friendships , right now .
It 's silent .
He died broken by the story .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother would never allow me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to make it out , but it 's <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is on a boat at dawn <unk> into the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small girls .
For her , life had been destined for a task , the escape from his family and new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And then from four years from four , which challenges the fiction , a boat slid into the sea dressed from fishing ship .
All adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear was pirates , rape and death .
As most adults , my mother had a <unk> with poison .
If we would get caught , we would first take my sister and me , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow diving in every wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates that they came over several times , but that they were fooled with the courage of the men in our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to jump for six hours .
But I do remember the lights on the oil platform in front of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , finished the journey was too much for him ; and the first apple I tried , given by the men of the platform .
No apple had the same taste later .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations giving a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of workers whose population are comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class middle class , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , had no sense of the right .
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the fragments of English English fragments are traded among people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked in farms , then on a <unk> line of cars , working six days , twice .
Yet , I found time to study English and get an IT degree .
We were poor .
All the dollars were mapped , and that was established an extra mentoring in English and math , would n't matter what they should be removed , which was generally new clothes .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
And I 'd sort of <unk> and <unk> on the eyes `` <unk> eyes '' and some graffiti : `` Asians , come home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me is <unk> .
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to get you . ''
My mother , my sister and I would lie in the same bed .
My mother sat down every night , but we told ourselves about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother at home .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the ship .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to make it .
She opened up a computer store , then studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And the women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were trapped among two worlds .
He was looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classic Asian , relentless student with what it took for me .
In the other , I was very quickly in poor lives , tragically , tragically by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many received help over the years .
And for that work , when I studied my last year of lawyer , I was elected the young Australian young year .
And I went from one piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
Le <unk> , an anonymous resident of <unk> , was now so successful , refugee and social activist , invited to speak in sites that I 'd never heard to name , and in houses whose existence would have ever imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about nothing .
I wanted to retreat into the routines , and the comfort of life in a suburb of <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters ending the day for nearly 20 years , <unk> on the day of each one , and running <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom that I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I was at the same age that she had when we climb the boat .
The `` not '' had ever been an option .
`` Make it , '' he said , `` You do n't be what you 're not . ''
So I talked about juvenile <unk> and education and <unk> in the slums and the exposed .
And the more frankly he talked about , the more I was talking about .
I met people from all the paths of life , many of them doing what they loved , living in the border of possible .
And although I finished my undergraduate , I realized I could n't stay in a career .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly arrived , new scene on the scene -- and not just that it 's okay , but it 's something that I 'm grateful , perhaps a gift of the ship .
Because it 's inside it can easily mean <unk> the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world breaks out , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that would n't have been <unk> was <unk> tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mix of humility and courage .
So I kept on my intuition .
And we went to a small group of people for who the slogan `` ca n't be done '' was an irresistible challenge .
For a year , we did n't have a dime .
At the end of every day , he made a giant soup pot that we all shared .
They went back to the night .
Now , most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ones , and we open up .
I made the decision to move to the U.S .
After one journey .
My hunches again .
Three months later , he moved to me , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person that mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
Her father died shortly after she was born .
The mother grew up alone .
At the age of 17 , he became <unk> from a <unk> whose mother would beat her .
I had no support of her husband , he had an excuse to <unk> and bring the cause her , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
He ca n't be made out of being wrong .
I was in the room in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died , a mile , in Melbourne .
I looked through the shower of the shower and I saw her stop on the other side .
I knew I 'd come to say I 'd come to go to go .
My mother called a few minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> , and we sat around their casket .
We tell them stories and make sure that we were still with it .
At night a monk came and told us that I had to close the casket .
My mother asked us to raise her hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is her hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you have taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> them . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Because we were and how life formed us , now we can see that the men who had come to our lives have frustrated us .
The defeat would have easily <unk> .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I ask myself about the ship .
Who might want that to do ?
Yet , I fear the privilege of how easy it was .
Can I give you a bow in your life , diving brave in every wave , the steady <unk> rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guaranteed anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it , and you can see them safely , I would .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother of beauty today , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story begins in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry skies , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed from the old Indian epic `` The Mahabharata ''
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel <unk> to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , the great Indian warrior , the great Indian warrior , had thirst , took an arch and a <unk> on the ground , got water .
Now we do the same thing with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we got out was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that <unk> me a lot .
Every time I felt a little bit more about <unk> .
I 'm going to give you this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't afford to get my friends .
It seemed to me that the technology had to allow magic , not kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me her silver <unk> .
And this piece of technological technology was for my magic thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , pirated and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , luxury clocks , and cameras prevent us .
We were inspired by our inspiration .
And so I launched myself , I came up with this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , instead of killing her .
I 've got books from 16 years old .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device of storytelling able to connect the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
Together with the image , animation and sound and touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that work ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
He says , `` puts your fingers on each light . ''
And so he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I 'm going back a book character .
In many moments , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live because of the GPS -- which is led to me .
My inner girl gets excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean the magicians and dragons , but to that magic magic , to those ideas that children 's <unk> .
For some reason , fireflies in the jar were always exciting to me .
So , over here , we have to tilt the iPad and release fireflies .
And really , they light up your way in the top of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by as a little girl was that a whole galaxy in a little bit of a little bit .
So here , every book and every world becomes a little <unk> that I move into this magical device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In a fantasy book there 's always been maps , but they have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , and you take it up and guide you over the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go into .
Another incredibly important aspect to me is to create Indian and contemporary content .
Here 's the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairies and the <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped on Indra cameras over millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child history .
In a story that is today 's issues as the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up , attached to their PCs , have n't left the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside the outside , take the camera or iPad , and collecting images from different natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections -- of sticks , rocks , rocks and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't do it .
So to get back this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , you would take a photo to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex , and then label it .
So you create a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web .
A kid in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , today I saw a fox . ''
A boy from India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken .
Within the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology are many possibilities .
In the next book , we had an interaction where you come out with the iPad and the video on and through augmented reality , you see a bunch of cartoons that appear on the inner plants of the house .
In a moment , the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where the forces of nature are <unk> with technology and magic and technology approaching one another .
<unk> the power of the sun .
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and child love that we felt through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many of these projects were failed .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of <unk> was <unk> a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a small cup of coffee or you and I asked patients , family and acquaintances , what happens ?
`` How can we help it ? ''
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that everybody , or maybe not everybody , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , because we stop listening .
This is my scale . It 's very simple .
It has a doorknob and off .
Every morning I get on .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I set up the challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , every time I connect to , sends my information to Google Health .
And my doctor 's doctor has access to him as well . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that it needs to be assistance assistance or any urgency of that style , but she saw her backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scaling , and before I go up to my car , people start talking to me , <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's used for peer pairs to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be able to move to the people of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control over their health .
From the week .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to , from their homes , take their blood pressure , send them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they turn back to control and being captains of their own boat , but it can also help us care about health because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of the cost of attention care , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients on the team .
And they can do it with techniques like these , but also crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did would share it with you with a video .
We all have a navigation controls in cars .
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones .
We know perfectly where the ATM machines are in <unk> .
And also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where 's the nearest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves lives right now .
What we did was made crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the audience to say , `` If you look at a <unk> , please take them out , you know , where , and when it 's open , because they 're open , because sometimes they open in office schedules and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> were already presented in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the application for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app for augmented reality , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next weeks to use their cell phone cell phone to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we want to make it globally .
We 're talking about all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a crowdsourcing center in the whole world .
Every time you 're on vacation and someone collapses , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
And I would also invite companies around the world that could help us validate these <unk> .
You could be homing service or phone service , for example , to see if the <unk> that shows is still in their place .
Please help us in this and not just improve health , but taking control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share Bina ' photography .
Or is it a photograph ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that you ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed up with my passion before the drawing , but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera , I was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when the <unk> is pushed .
For me , photography had more than to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that began to push the <unk> .
Just like this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And , despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal to maintain the level of realism .
And when I say realism I say <unk> .
Because , of course , it 's not something that I can do it , but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph .
What you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It 's more than having capture an idea that with capture a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them seem real ?
Is it the details , or the colors ?
Do you think about light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we took different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
I 'll show you a simple example .
Here 's three perfectly imaginable objects , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined , they can create something that still seems three-dimensional , as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So , you know the brain , because the brain does n't accept the fact that that really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really about combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture look like a picture , I think that they are that we do n't even think about , the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But by combining pictures , it 's very important to think about it , because otherwise something will look wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of the photos must have the same perspective .
Second , the pictures combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images hit with these requirements ; they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light .
The third point is made impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect way .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
And you might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this image is totally comprised of photographs of different places .
I think it 's easier to create a place to find it , because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in the winter , I knew I had several months to try and find the different locations for the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing journey .
The shores are a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone manhole .
And yes , I even made a red red one at the top of the island to be higher .
So to get a realistic outcome , I think it 's missing planning .
It 's always starting with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here 's each piece that 's very well meant to be meant .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , the result can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to start showing you a slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this , as many other people we tend to see , is a kind of straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude in the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with curves that are new .
Here 's a weird thing .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn the lights on .
It 's more intensity because writing on paper .
Why do we plot technological curves at <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if I draw it into a normal curve where , let 's say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to chart , the diagram would look ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say much .
But if we plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this is a qualitative change day .
If the technology of transport technology will look as fast as the microprocessors , last morning we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't move on at that rate .
There 's no precedent in the history of technological development , technological growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they 're not still forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
It was one of two things .
Or it 's going to become a typical curve , like this until it comes up something completely different , or maybe it will do something like that .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like that .
So we would be in the middle of a transition .
This line is in a transition from what used to be the world , to a new form .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and I wonder , is what 's that new way that embraces the world ?
Where new state is the world run ?
The transition looks very , very confused if we 're immersed in it .
I remember the future was happening in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
We can feel it .
And we know it does n't have much sense to think about 30 or 50 years , because it 's all going to be so different that extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how could that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have much to do with technology and computing .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term .
The time scale that I 'd like to do that is time for life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years .
So , you go back about two and a half billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock , with lots of chemicals that <unk> it around .
If we look at those chemicals , those chemicals give us a sense of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is that , at that time , there were some of the oil droplets with all sorts of chemical recipes on its interior .
Some of those oil drops held a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside , and so the droplets grew up .
And they started to split .
In some sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplets .
But those droplets were n't alive , in the current sense , because each one of them contained a random prescription of chemicals .
And every time they divide them , an unequal distribution of the chemicals held .
So every droplet was a little bit different .
In fact , the droplets that somehow become better at time to incorporate the surrounding chemicals ; they were growing more chemicals and split more .
Most of them lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemical life , very simple , but things got interesting interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction .
In some ways that we do n't understand very well , these droplets learned how to store information .
They learned how to save information , which was the prescription of the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this pointless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were in order to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that system of writing seems to have remained stable since he evolved two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being is expressed by exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here 's 100 <unk> of white powder that I 'm trying to hide from the airport security .
But it contains -- I took this code -- code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this piece of DNA , and I 'll put it 10 to the 22 times .
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of people here -- in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , he would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing the DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happy about another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things were very different , and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information to form the communities of cells .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved antibiotic resistance .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin , and they were <unk> to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there are lots of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave place in a way that would be created in communities that , in a way , they were put together , and set up a synergy .
In that way , they survive or failed together , whether a community was very successful , all the individuals of that community were taken more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point happened when these communities came up so much that , in fact , they came together and they decided to write the whole prescription of the community together into a DNA chain .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't use without the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
And these started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that were n't doing more than processing information in community .
These are neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process information that those cell communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to record and understand and transmit information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not in the period of evolutionary time .
So , an organism could , for example , learn to not eat some fruit , because he knew bad and got sick the last time she ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism , because they had built these information processing structures that evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures greatly accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution might now happen to confined to an individual .
It could happen in time to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the communication trick .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea , in my head .
I 'm here sitting here emitting a lot of grunting and lucky , building a similar , vague and confused idea , in their heads that holds some analogy with mine .
But we take something very complicated , we made it sound into sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to do abstractions .
We now go through periods of similar periods to the multicellular organisms ; we abstract our methods of record , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
telephony , computer , video tape , the CD-ROM , etc . These are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which some evolution produced with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And we now have accelerated time scales again .
The first stages of the story that would tell them took a billion years every one .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain took about hundreds of millions of years .
The next , the language and so they took less than a million years .
And the next , like electronics , it seems to take just a few decades .
The process gets fed . I guess <unk> is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see the process feeds .
But I make life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that work to design them would not be possible without recent computer advances .
But now design objects that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way .
I do n't know that it does every transistor on that wiring machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think a level of abstraction , we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that you could n't , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes it uses methods that we do n't even understand .
A particularly interesting approach , which I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates at the microseconds scale .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million sequences from random instructions ?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random , running all those programs , and take the ones that are more likely to get into what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to tidy up numbers , to put a simple example .
So we found the programs that are closer to tidy numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the order right .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random random sequences that better did the task ? ''
They 're going to pick them up and get them to the rest .
And now you 'd better pick the numbers better .
And let 's go back to <unk> , following a homologous recombination process . ''
Let 's take two programs , that <unk> children , who <unk> <unk> , and that children will provide the properties of both programs .
So we get a new generation of programs that were made of programs that had a little bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please repeat the process . ''
<unk> again .
It <unk> some mutations .
And he tries to try and try back another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we ended up with programs that are telling some perfect way .
In fact , it 's a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't tell how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
These are dark , weird programs .
But they do it .
In fact , I know , I have the security that we get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depended on that .
Once I was on a 747 with intention , and he takes a card and he says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This plane is hundreds of thousands of <unk> that work together to provide a safe flight . '' Does n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make new design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering .
Yet we do n't understand the whole choices that there is .
In that sense , it goes ahead of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so we can run these programs much faster .
I mean , it feeds back .
The thing is getting faster and so I think it looks so <unk> .
Because all of these technologies are <unk> .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog moment from the single-celled organisms when they got multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the ultimate product of evolution .
And I think we 're all part of the creation of whatever it is to come .
But now comes the lunch , and I think I 'll stop here before I 'm going away .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I spend enough time for letting me give up part of my false prestige .
Before I 'm dealing with my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , and we 're approaching the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's because of the rules , '' he talks about the statistics and to use them to form a big baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know that .
It 's called the average <unk> .
And we 're talking about 300 , of a <unk> .
That means that the <unk> bat <unk> , three of 10 times .
That means to launch the ball into the field of play without being caught , and that anybody who tried to throw it up to the first base , not reaching time , and the second base will be saved .
Three attempts at 10 .
You know what you call a <unk> <unk> in Great League ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of the stars .
You know what you call a $ 400 baseball game ?
By the way , that 's someone 10 strokes , they hit four .
<unk> -- like legendary Ted Williams , the last League of the League of <unk> at running more 400 strokes in a regular season .
Now let 's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have <unk> , and they 're derivatives of a surgeon who has also a <unk> record .
So it does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that you live in a place away and a loved self has two clogged coronary arteries and his family family hit a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's getting better .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think that should be the average of the hits of a heart or an orthopedic surgeon , a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the thing is that nobody in all medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a care doctor .
What we do , however , is sending them to the world , and I included , with the mandate of being perfect .
That never , ever made a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I was doing when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessional <unk> student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian tumor is going to be a <unk> .
Such .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the nurses of General Canada 's Hospital , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my class of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the branching in every artery that comes out of the <unk> , the frequent differential diagnosis and not the usual .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis of how to classify a kidney <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge .
And I was going very well -- I graduated with me .
And let 's get rid of the medical school with the impression that if you 're going to take it all , then I would know everything , or as far as possible , close to all , because I 'm going to get rid of mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady .
I was a resident in a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady into the emergency service where I was working .
At the time I was assigned to cardiology .
And when emergency requested requested me to a cardiologist at a cardiologist .
And I report the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady , I was very quickly .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which sent me heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , these are <unk> , and that 's why there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I got to work on the treatment that I would give .
I gave aspirin and medications to alleviate pressure in your heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And within an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that was when I made the first mistake ; he sent her home .
In fact , I made two mistakes more .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get up the phone , I did n't do what I should have done , which I was calling my boss and <unk> him for her to see her .
And if my boss would have seen it , I would have been able to contribute information .
Maybe I did it for good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident to pay attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients not even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When I send it to your home , I did n't pay attention to a voice in my inner saying , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so unsure that I had to ask the nurse who was taking care of lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think I 'm okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
And so he signed up the high , and the ambulance next to the ambulance took her home .
And I went back to the hospital ward .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad position in the stomach .
But I kept on my work .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was going to go home , and I did something I do n't normally do .
He went through the emergency emergency service .
And there was another nurse , not that I was taking care of the <unk> lady before , but another one , he said three words , those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists are afraid too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and we see the patient 's patients .
The three words are : Do you remember you ?
`` Do you remember the patient who sent home ? ''
I asked the other nurse with total <unk> .
He said , `` Well , she returned , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
And after an hour , I had come to his house , after I did the high , he had a crash and his family called 911 ; the ambulance called the emergency room with a <unk> blood pressure , which means a severe shock .
I was barely breathing , and I was blue .
The emergency staff will take all of their resources .
They gave him medication to raise blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
I had a mixture of feelings , because after the <unk> was in intensive care , and I was hoping against all hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days , it was apparent that they never <unk> .
I had permanent brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they went into what was happening .
And the ninth day , they let her go . The woman <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they 're never forget the names that they die .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I was excited about it , and I experienced for the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our medical culture , and I felt just , isolated , without feeling that shame , because you ca n't afford to do it with your colleagues .
You make peace and never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's what tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't my boss ; he was a charm .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I 'd put things out and made sure I did n't get away .
And I kept going those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he send her home ?
And in my worst moments , why made it a stupid mistake ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little with that feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And in a cloudy day , the sky was opened and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if we were making the efforts to be perfect to make more mistakes , it would make up those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it went back .
Two years later , he was an assistant as an emergency hospital in the northern hospital in Toronto , and I received a man in 25 years with a pain in his throat .
I was very busy and in a hurry .
And he pointed out here .
I looked at her throat , I looked at her throat .
<unk> penicillin and sent him home .
But while he ran the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to do my guard shift , my head asked to talk to me with me in his office .
And I made the three words : Do you remember you ?
Do you remember the patient who saw for your throat ?
Well he went back and he did n't have a <unk> .
He had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for it at Google . It 's an infection , not from your throat , but it 's from top air , and it can cause the closing of those .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
She 's managed to get antibiotics from <unk> and recovered in the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then I came back to work , and I went back again and again and again .
Two times in the same emergency emergency , not <unk> <unk> .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they attend 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home and I do n't think that it 's been behind .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
It 's an X-ray of a kidneys , but it turned out , a colleague who was checking the patient perceived to perceived to some sensitivity in the lower lower quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was a lot of diarrhea .
I order it liquid for <unk> and asked my colleague who took it .
I checked , and when I noticed some sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner , I called the surgeon .
Both were operated and recovered .
But every single case I 'm excited , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most meaningful , the most meaningful .
Only , ashamed and no support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't release it and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the voice to tell me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this so that they do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would go into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think of .
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , in a party you 'll hear about the errors of other doctors , but you wo n't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues as well , that a <unk> in my hospital was going on , believe it would have difficulty looking at the eyes .
This is the system that we have .
<unk> denial .
It 's the system that there are two positions : the ones that make mistakes and those who ca n't sleep and the ones that do n't sleep , and the ones that have very bad outcomes and the ones that have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , like antibodies who start to attack that person .
So we have the idea that if we move in from medicine to people who make mistakes , we 're going to be a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've made a bad medical study and medical errors to learn how we could , from the first article I wrote to Toronto , `` White <unk> , Black Art , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where mistakes are happening every day , where one of the 10 <unk> drugs in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system in which the hospital-acquired infections are increasingly and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , they die 15,000 Canadian medical failures .
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not taking the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where the knowledge multiplied up every two or three years , and we do n't get rid of it .
Now sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient in pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , he comes <unk> with <unk> eyes and breath to alcohol , and suddenly my story is made of contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always .
And my patients are not cars . They do n't know their symptoms always in the same way .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the prone professionals to error , well , you wo n't stay .
And with respect that people do n't want to talk about their biggest cases ?
In my show , `` <unk> white , art , '' it 's already a custom to say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell you all , from the ambulance in the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? '' And I 'll wash the microphone
And his students got <unk> , <unk> , will go down your head and send saliva and start to tell their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> can say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it begins with a doctor every time .
The redefining doctor is human , you know , you know , you know , they accept it , and it 's not proud of their mistakes , but he tries to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
It shares its experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
Points out the mistakes of other people not with trying to catch you , but in a loving way and to support that everyone will benefit .
And he works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes occasionally .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm a redefined redefining .
I 'm human .
And I 'm so sorry , but I 'm trying to learn something that can transmit others .
I do n't know what you think about , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take any day ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
I recently made a survey to more than 2,000 people , and the average amount of election that says the average American , are about 70 a day .
It does n't do much , in a research followed for a week to a group of companies .
The researchers recorded the different <unk> tasks of these executives and the time that we were going to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> jobs a week .
Naturally , every work involved a lot of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of your time .
Now think about your choices .
Do you know how many of them belong to the category of nine minutes , and how many of the hour ?
How do they define the way that those decisions are driving ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice to the overload of choices .
I want to talk about the problem and about possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when I ask a question , if your answer is positive , please snap .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of choices ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this <unk> supermarket , very high -- at least at that time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were such as 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and some <unk> water , and this was when we made water from the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but I was on one occasion , and I asked myself , why do n't I buy anything ?
This is on the olive oil shelf .
They had more than 75 different classes , including those who were in the sealed box that came from millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager , and I asked him , `` Does this approach to offer all these options ? ''
He pointed out the buses filled with tourists every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with the <unk> .
hallway .
They had different classes .
<unk> a <unk> , just at the entrance to the store .
So we put it out of six flavors , or about 24 different flavors and we looked at two things : First , what was people willing to stop trying to test it ?
More people stopped when there were 24 , 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a melting pot .
Here 's the opposite effect .
When they stopped when there were 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
From the ones that stopped when there were six , we saw 30 percent bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , people were six times more likely to buy jam if they found six , that if they found 24 .
Well , let 's decide that we do n't buy it -- we probably want our interests , <unk> less is good to conserve the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of overload of options are affecting us very momentous decisions .
We decided to not decide , even though we do n't own .
Now the topic of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we 're looking at the savings decisions for retirement about about a million Americans in this country .
We were interested to see if the number of offers available for plans for retirement plans , 401 curriculum , 401 program to be saved by the future .
And we found that it actually had a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that went from two to 59 choices .
We found that the bigger the number of dedicated funding , there were less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as they 'd like .
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation declined to the percentile 60 .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there are more choices , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the bigger the number of choices , more people are reluctant to avoid stocks or investment funds .
As soon as there were more options , they were more willing to invest in financial bills .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would argue to optimize the well-being financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three major negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely is that we make the decision , that <unk> even when it goes against your self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions -- in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick up things less well , but objectively it 's objectively better .
The main reason is that we enjoy looking at that gigantic variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose that amazing exhibition .
I want to propose to you today four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so that they can rehearse in their business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it has never been more true than today , which is less .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually what we 're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut , get rid of strange redundant options , there will be a increase in sales , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble country from 26 different types of Head & <unk> , they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Golden arsenal eliminated the products for beef of cats that were less sold , it increased workers at 87 percent , for two causes : greater sales and lower costs .
You know , supermarkets , today , on average , they have 45,000 products .
In a store of Walmart , they provide about 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world today is <unk> and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the world of financial savings , I think that one of the best examples that have emerged about how to drive better options is David <unk> , the Harvard curriculum .
All the employees at Harvard are automatically hitting a safety of life .
They really want to choose , they give them 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know , people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
These are all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees , `` Tell me the differences that there are among those choices .
And if your employees can not differentiate , they would not make their clients . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience on a vacation with everything paid the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it and then I want you to take a round of applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
Anybody who 's ready to accept the offer .
Are n't they ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew that there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really had to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information in the first round , than in the second , but I can tell you that they thought that the second time was more real .
Because the images made it more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of adult options , which is <unk> .
So people understand differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each option , and that the consequences must feel very much in a very vivid , very concrete way .
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when it 's using debit cards or credit cards , that when it 's using cash ?
Because it does n't look real .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> personnel and <unk> <unk> who worked in <unk> . These people were in a meeting where they were hanging into a 401 plan .
At that meeting , we get exactly how it used to be used , we made a little addition .
So what we added was that we appeal to the staff that you would think about the positive things that we would take into their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent and an increase in the number that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study that we did in a magazines of magazines .
We saw that in supermarkets , <unk> 's length throughout the northeast of the northeast , the exhibition of magazines can contain from 331 different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to <unk> it .
These are two exhibitions of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , snap .
There are some .
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , snap .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This classification scheme is completely useless .
The categories must indicate something that you choose , not to which defines it .
You often see this problem with these huge funds .
supposedly , who are reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think , if we just simplified it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German German manufacturer that allows us completely completely .
You have to make 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offers each one .
Color , color outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
jet box changes ; four choices .
What I 'm going to do is actually vary the order of decisions .
So half of the clients are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices , four boxes , 56 colors , many choices .
And what am I going to look at ?
How about you are .
If you were always given the default button in every decision , it indicates that they are overwhelmed , or we 're losing them .
We found that those who go from many choices to a few options , put the default button over and over and over again .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to a lot , they continue there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order in which the information is presented .
If we start the easy thing , you learn to choose .
Even though the choice of change does n't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration , in all ways we 're making it to choose .
We 're getting excited about a product that we 're building that now has more engaged .
To sum up .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of choice : <unk> , wiping strange choices ; <unk> , to make it real -- <unk> , we can handle more categories with less options ; we 're making complexity .
All these techniques that I 've introduced you were designed to help manage alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in your issues , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is to be careful when we choose .
And the more careful we are in choices , we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in the communist Eastern Germany , if you had a typewriter , I had to get rid of the government .
I had to record a piece of text text from the machine .
And this so that the government could track the origin of the texts .
If they were writing with the wrong message you could track the footprint up to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that someone could do this , so much that this will promote freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer and it prints a page , that page will end up having some sort of yellow dots on each page that follow a pattern that makes them own one and your printer .
That 's happening to us today .
And no one seems to do it very much about this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments are using technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems on the network .
If you look at what happens in the online world , we can put together the attacks on their plate .
There are three main groups .
There are cybercriminals .
like Mr. Farmer <unk> from Oklahoma City , in Ukraine .
The cybercriminals 's cell phone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , billionaires , who would make money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthieu Anderson , <unk> <unk> and so on and so forth .
These guys do their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal media using banking trojans to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys out to get information from our cards when we bought in a infected computer .
The secret public service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this account was <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain is a lot ; you know their <unk> .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is a victim of a cybercriminal than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is wrong with worse .
In the future , most of the crimes will happen online .
The second group of valentines on importance that we see today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves them , they motivate the protests , they motivate you opinions , they motivate laughter .
<unk> like Anonymous has <unk> over the last 12 months occupying a leading role in online attacks .
Those are the three main shortcomings : criminals who do it for money , <unk> them as Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the U.S. national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like the <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against its own citizens .
<unk> is an honors authority from the Netherlands or , actually , it was .
<unk> the last fall because of a <unk> .
They put the safety of the site , and it took a <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government , I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people who were killing people 's death with the attack on <unk> .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die from an attack on this ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
What do the certificates work ?
Well , you need to have a website with <unk> , services , <unk> <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except to intercept a foreign authority authority .
And that democratic certificates was happening .
And in the case of <unk> happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters ate the headquarters of the secret secret police in April , 2011 , and during designing the building , they found many papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country .
They had this tool for 30,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools for totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , he found the <unk> <unk> ; a <unk> used by official government government to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened .
But today , it goes beyond .
It 's going to be connected to the Internet connection .
They 're even tools like the <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all communication , and listen to the discussions online , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these obvious response , it should be , `` Well , it looks something wrong , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why to worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's on privacy .
Privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that <unk> today will be forever .
<unk> blindly in any future government , in a administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you need to worry about the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the south of Nairobi National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , in the background , and behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
Nairobi National Park has no fences in the largest part of the South , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate freely out of the park .
And predators , like lions , follow them , and this is what they do .
It took our livestock .
This is one of those who killed at night , and as soon as we wake up in the morning and we found it dead , I felt very bad because it was the only bull bull .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land for <unk> , and that 's why we value them so much .
So I grew up <unk> a lot to lions .
They died are warriors that protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think this is so few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine , is responsible for livestock of his father , and this was the same thing as I became .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions were scared .
But I realized that this was actually not helpful , because it even helped the lions look at the barn .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick lions so they believed that he was near the barn .
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch and that day lions did n't come .
I discovered that lions are afraid to light that 's moving .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on which to turn the lights off .
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar cell would load the battery and the battery <unk> electricity into the little box <unk> . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the lights down .
As you can see , the <unk> get out , because that 's where lions come from .
And this is how you see him when lions come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions to think that I 'm walking through the barn , but I 'm sleeping on my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never went back to having trouble with lions .
And the house houses heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals killed her and asked me if I could put the lights down .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the background , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community and are serving a lot of it .
And my idea is also used by all Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and it 's also being used to scare elephants from farms .
Because of this invention , I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping to raise funds and <unk> .
It even led my friends to my friends and set up lights in the houses that do n't have , and I show them how to put them .
So one year ago , it was just a child on the savanna meadows , the cows of my father , and he used to see planes flying , and he said that one day would be inside one .
And here I am .
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get to be a aviation engineer and a pilot when it grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and to lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my language means thank you .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to hear a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do a close to electric . CA : Is it a close to electric ?
<unk> : I know you 've invented electric fences , but I want to do mine .
CA : So , you know , I 've done it once , right ? And you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : On the cannon . Richard <unk> , you 're something big .
We 're going to take it on every step you give , friend of mine .
Thank you very much .
When I was a little bit , I thought my country was the best on the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` Nothing <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we passed all the time studying Kim <unk> 's story , but we never learned much from the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
But sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and I was never gone hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter of my sister 's colleague .
He said , `` When you throw this up , the five family members will stop there , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're prepared to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
When I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman with no life was dead on the street , holding a child to <unk> in his arms looking at her mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine reached North Korea to North Korea .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during the famine , and just a few survived eating grass , insects and the tree cortex .
They also became more and more frequent energy cuts , all around me was completely in the dark at night except for sea lights in China , just across the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we did n't .
This is a satellite from North Korea in the night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which is the limit between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow in certain points , enabling North North North Koreans .
But many of them die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating around in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I left North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought that I would be separated from my family for short time .
I would never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea how life would be .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , it 's also dangerous , because North American refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare became true , when I was arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> in the police station .
Somebody had been accused of being <unk> , then my skills to the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and it could be locked .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answered questions .
At the end of the interrogation , he said to another , `` This was a false report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China are looking for asylum .
But many people can be arrested by Chinese police and deported .
These women were very lucky .
Although they had captured them , they were eventually released after a hard international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are caught in China and methane to North Korea , where they 're tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have n't had so much luck .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , all the world can be made in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to be risky going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but in the inside , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide .
I even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call with pride of mine .
Even though I went to life in South Korea was n't easy , I made a plan . I started studying for the University of income to university .
Just when I was starting to push my new life , I got an alarming call .
North Korea authorities had some money sent to my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location outside .
They had to flee immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China and went to the border with North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , for over 3,000 miles across China and then across Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost trapped several times .
Once , our bus was stopped and treated by a Chinese police officer .
He asked her identification . And he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , I stood up and I told him that they were <unk> people who was accompanying .
He looked at me , but fortunately I believed myself .
We did the entire way to the border of Laos .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border C.O.s in Laos .
But even after passing the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for the border illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital capital .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything to release my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison in the distance of South Korea .
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to release my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or the voice of a man asking , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind asking .
With my poor English and a dictionary , I explained the situation , and no doubt , the man went to the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for others to get out of prison .
I thank her all with my heart , and I said , `` Why help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping , '' he told me .
I 'm helping the <unk> people .
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind unknown to <unk> a new hope for me and for the <unk> people , when we needed it .
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over the time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when we were going back to a new country , they start with a little bit of money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , the language of the English language , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because a lot of us followed with family contact , and we send information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from inside .
I 've been lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans have gone around the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Central .
This is South Central shops : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together and they thought , we 're going to change the name of South Central Center to represent something else , so they changed the South Angeles , as if this is going to happen in the city .
This is Los Angeles . <unk> <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Just like <unk> million other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Angeles Center , the home of food places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that food places to get kills more people than food in the car .
People are dying of treatable diseases in Los Angeles Center .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than , say , Beverly Hills , that 's about 15 kilometers away .
I emphasize trying to see this happen .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you do n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you come out of the house , you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I look at wheelchair bought and sold as a car cars .
I look at dialysis centers , like Starbucks .
And I consider that to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , was plant food in front of my house .
In a sliver of land we call a gardening .
It 's about 45 feet three feet .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes to me in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
And so I decided to keep it .
So my group and me , L.A. Green <unk> , we put together and started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine whole vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of a paid team in advance made by gardeners of all the backgrounds , from all the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , it was beautiful .
Then somebody complained .
The city came up with me , and in summary , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> became warrant .
And I was like , `` Come on , really ?
A warrant for planting food in a piece of land that nobody matters ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the members of Green <unk> , who put a petition on Change.org , with 900 signatures , was a success .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say they supported and loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> land .
It 's got <unk> <unk> land .
That 's the equivalent of 20 Parks Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why does n't it look good about this ?
<unk> a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , grow your own food .
Your own food is like printing your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Central .
I grew up there . Let 's get my kids out there .
I was thrilled to be part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I culture my art .
Such an graffiti artist , which <unk> walls , I would destroy soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the Earth can do . If you let it be your canvas .
You simply ca n't imagine how amazing it is a sunflower and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became a tool of education , transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects the kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , who came up with a mother and her daughter , were like the 10:30 a.m. , and they were in my garden , salt and look very <unk> .
And I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to hunger , and this only reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't people go to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal it . ''
So that 's in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at your time , I want you to make your health care . ''
There was another time I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in the center of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , he shared his stories about how this was affected , and how they used to plant with her mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like 50 people who come , work and participate , every one in voluntary plan .
If the guys cultivate <unk> , the kids are eating <unk> .
If you grow tomatoes , they ate tomatoes , but if none of this is taught , if you 're not taught how food is affecting your mind and your body , they eat blind what you 're going to put in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're stuck , and I see color kids who are on this path designed for them , which is not nowhere .
With the gardening , I see a chance in which we can train these kids who were getting rid of their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe you get the next George Washington Washington .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we will never .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block out of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy brown coffee .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because we are free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to get people to work , take the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers ' markets .
What I want to do here , we have to make sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what 's a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
Do you pick them up , take your bark .
That 's their weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , you know , if you want to see me , you do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable and have meetings to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , you come to the garden with your bark , so that we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( Sound noise ) You probably will all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days as today , in which it rains so much .
You can have a huge amount of water in asphalt that comes up .
And especially if they 're riding on your bicycle and these cars go , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like the Netherlands , very close to cities , we 'd want a quiet road .
The solution for that is to make roads of porous .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands , has pores and water can pass through it , so all the rainwater will flow sideways and have a road that 's easy to drive , and you do n't drink water .
Noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's so hollow , all the noise will disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What is to get rid of it ? You see that on this road , the rocks come out .
First stone , then several more and more and more and so on , and then -- well , I wo n't do that . But you can hurt your windshield , and you 're not happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create holes with that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see the damage in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so it only has a little bit of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , to the ultraviolet light , to iron , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if you slow it , you 'll be able to stick out of <unk> .
So if you drive through the road , you 'll pull the <unk> -- like we saw it here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material out , then we 'll probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool , from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into smaller chunks , and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we are asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like what you see here , you use to cook -- an induction machine .
The induction can heat up , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you 've got to do is to heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> and the rocks are going back to the surface .
I used a microwave oven now , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here to stage .
<unk> oven is a similar system .
I put the show , that I 'm now going to take you to see what happened .
This is the show coming out now .
I said , we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples out .
We tried many samples out there , and then the government , actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We need to try . ''
So they gave us a little bit of road , 400 feet from the <unk> highway , where we had to do a lane test to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road testing , and then , of course , this road last several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We took many samples from this road and test them in the lab .
We made it aging , we 've got the samples , we put a lot of charge on them , the <unk> of our induction machine and the <unk> and we went back to test .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've done a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers , using the scope of induction to actually increase the lives of the road surface , and you can even double the lives of the surface , and it 's really saving a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're really curious about whether this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool up first before I can show you how repairability works .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to BBC News on his little gray radio .
I had a great smile on his face that was unusual at the time , because the news is usually <unk> .
`` The Taliban were gone , `` I screamed my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
Now you can go to a real school , '' he told me .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban stayed in Afghanistan and made it illegal to go to school .
For the next five years , I became a little kid as a child to guide my older sister , who could no longer be used to go to a secret school .
It was the only way that the two could educate us .
Every day , we made a different route so that nobody could be suspicious where we were going .
We had to hide books in market bags so that it looks like we were shopping .
The school was in a house , more than 100 in a small room .
It was pleasant in winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we 're going to take our lives -- the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , school was suddenly known for a week , because the suspect Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew from us .
Are they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , school was where we wanted to be .
I was so fortunate to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote <unk> in Afghanistan , which his daughter , my mother , was out to school , and so his father would get it .
But my volunteer mother turned mastery .
This is her .
He retired two years ago , just to convert our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of his family in getting education .
There was no doubt that their children had to get education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk not to educate her children .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated about our life and was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to quit , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , which is here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we will .
So , you still want not to continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of my age has more than high school , and if my family had n't been so engaged with my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate up to <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , the one who was brought back from his home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first ones in <unk> .
He 's not just coming out of my college degree , but I also was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , who 's driving him through the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream big , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I am the global ambassador , a global campaign to educate the women .
That 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one , maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
What 's exciting is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I see his parents and their families who , like mine , <unk> for them , despite the face of a daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went on the way from <unk> to his village , and literally , they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When you get to your house , they 're the phone , a voice told him that if I kept sending her daughter to school , they would try and try .
`` <unk> , '' he said , `` But not harm my daughter 's future for his old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've noticed from Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of the people we <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school , they count in hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes .
I 'm afraid these changes would n't last long , after the retirement of the United States troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at students in my school and their parents who would take for them , that animate them , I see a future <unk> and lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities , and every day , girls ' little girls remember me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you never come back to a revolutionary style of Gaddafi . ''
It was almost two years since the <unk> revolution broke out inspired by the streams of massive <unk> of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution .
A forces with many other <unk> citizens , inside and outside the country to call a day of rage and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young men were on the forefront , pushing the fall of the regime , carrying freedom banners , dignity and social justice .
You 've shown a bravery copy of the face of the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
You 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a six months of brutal war and a loss of loss of about 50,000 <unk> , we managed to release our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of society 's society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted to , next to many other women , rebuild civil society <unk> , pushing a inclusive transition to democracy and the national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during the time , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , approximately 300 in <unk> .
After a period of about 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm , I began to organize workshops about developing capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we started the ecosystem of Women <unk> by the Peace , a movement of women , the leaders , of a very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> range of women and for our equal engagement of democracy and peace .
I found myself a very difficult environment in the <unk> period ; an environment that was getting more and more <unk> , which are <unk> from traditional domination and exclusion .
Our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won <unk> percent of the National Congress in the early elections in 52 years .
Yet , gradually , the euphoria of elections and the revolution like a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we found news from violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and graves .
Another day with the news of the murder of the American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the official murder of the military .
And every day , every day we woke up with the government 's government and their full <unk> rights violations and their lack of respect of law .
Our society , trained by a revolutionary mindset , gets more <unk> , and has been away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , we had at the beginning .
intolerance , exclusion , and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
Now I 'm not here today to inspire them to our history of the <unk> , and the choices .
Now I 'm here today to confess that we , as a nation , we 're choosing bad decisions .
We do n't prioritize .
Because elections did n't bring peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidates brought brought peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why our society remains polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion , both for men as for women ?
Maybe what was missing was n't just the women , but the women 's values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and creating consensus more than the election needed , which only is the polarization and division .
Our nation needs the qualitatively of the feminine , the more that you need the numerical , numerical representation of it .
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and calling days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female speech , which not only <unk> , but also put it into mercy instead of revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion instead of exclusion .
These are the ideals that a Libya , separated by war , desperately desperately needed to reach peace .
Because peace has a alchemy which is all about the interconnection and the <unk> between women and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a <unk> way .
According to a <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> -- `` It 's the word of the gracious God , '' `` <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all of the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic than the word `` <unk> '' -- it 's uterus -- and he 's born the feminine and motherly , which correspond to all of the humanity that all tribes and women , of which all tribes and all the peoples have gone .
And so , just like the uterus cover completely the embryo , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is all the existence .
This is how it says , `` My mercy involves all things . ''
This is how it tells us , `` My mercy <unk> about my anger . ''
That we 're all going to tell you the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is that they all do always : Why is she left ?
Why was somebody going to stay with a man who sticks it ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no skilled in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
He was 22 years old . He had just been <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first American Express , American Express , and he had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , that I create my twin soul , he was looking at my head with a gun , <unk> <unk> .
The man , when I loved more than anybody in this world , put a gun on my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love in love , where every year and millions of women fall , and even some men .
It could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> at Harvard University , and I have an MBA at <unk> at <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working on the Fortune 500 list , between them & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been nearly 20 years married with my second husband , and we have three kids .
My dog is a black <unk> , and I 'm driving a <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody , all races , all of the race , all the income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence is happening to women , which is a women 's problem .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships , interdependent and long duration or said otherwise , in the families , the last place where we would want or expect to find violence , which is why the domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would be left with a man who sticks it , and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , the women in between 16 and 24 years old , they have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than ages of other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age , they were killed every year by couples , dating and husbands in the United States .
I also was a typical victim because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and rainy night of January .
I was sitting next to my side in New York subway , and he started with me .
He told me two things .
The first one was that he had also been <unk> from a university university and worked at a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and he looked like a kid in the field .
He had some big <unk> like apples , and a foreign hair hair , and it looked so sweet .
One of the smartest things that did <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate .
He did it especially on a pedestal .
We started coming out and loved everything about me , which was list , who had gone to Harvard , who had passion to help teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as nobody had done it .
And that was why the bachelor 's degree in that <unk> school and the job on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any domestic violence is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I 'm going to go out of New York and leave my dreams ' work , but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my work and <unk> and I went together to Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling in a `` crazy love , '' which was entering a physical , financial trap and psychological trap .
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to bring the threat of violence to see how she reacts .
And this is where those guns come in .
As far as we moved to New England , you know , that site where I was supposed to feel so secure had to feel so secure was bought .
One had in the <unk> of the car .
And another woman kept under the pillow in our bed and the third time in his pocket .
And he said that I needed those guns to cause the trauma of the trauma .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message to me and , although I had never lifted up my hand , my life was already serious , every minute every day .
The first <unk> physical attack was five days before our wedding .
They were seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my father 's girlfriend from my mother and married with him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we were living happily forever , because I loved him and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very regretted .
He just had felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me .
It was a isolated accident , and I 'd never do it .
I spent twice in our <unk> .
The first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I lost it , and he gave me so strong in my head than I would spend several times the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back to our <unk> of our honey moon , he would walk around the traffic and threw a Big Mac to the face .
They were terrified about <unk> one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was thrilled when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is the victim of domestic violence or harassment at some time in their life , and the Centers for Disease Control that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had really good company .
So , going back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a deeply <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help him face his demons .
The other question that everybody does is : Why do n't you just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that you normally ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the domestic violence 's pattern is to kill her .
More than 70 percent of domestic violence occur after the victim has finally completed the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other implications include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has returned to get married , it 's made out of financial resources , and manipulation of the family justice system to protect the victim and their children , who are usually forced by judges to spend time with the man that I would bring to their mother .
And we still keep asking why is it just not going ?
I was able to go , because of one last beat beat beat my denial .
And I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if I had allowed him .
So I broke the silence .
I told everyone around the world : the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , full strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as spooky headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it ? ''
For some people , it 's his fault for staying , as if the victims <unk> intentionally fell , as if the victims <unk> <unk> in love .
But since I went `` <unk> '' -- I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a lesson from what happened to them , and that we would embrace their lives joyful and happy as their lives and mothers , wives and mothers , lives completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a typical domestic violence survivor .
I 'll marry a cute and nice man , and we have those three kids .
I have that black <unk> and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to get back to you more , ever , is a <unk> pistol on my head in someone 's hands that says I want to .
Right now , you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating , '' or `` <unk> , what a stupid thing was ! ''
I assure you there 's a few people who are listening to me right now , which are being battered or that they were being battered , or they 're <unk> themselves .
<unk> could be affecting your daughter , their sister , to their best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk to what you 've heard here .
Violence grows only in silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence simply shedding light on it .
We need the victims of the world .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of light talking about it with your children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
It <unk> its vision of survivors as fantastic and charming people , who have a full future .
<unk> the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down your climb and show the victims a safe safely .
Together we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that right now , there 's an awkward tension in the room , because I should n't be dressed like this . Luckily , I brought clothes to change .
This is the first shift in clothing on a TED stage , so you 're very lucky , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when it appeared , they do n't have to tell now , but I 'll find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about as just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; less bad that I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to pass this sweater over the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so do n't do anything as I cover my head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also superficial .
I 've changed totally what you thought about in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer was telling me that I 'm going to get my back and he <unk> the hair 's hair .
Of course , with surgery or an artificial tan , like the one I made two days ago for the work , there 's very little that we can do to transform our appearance , which , even though shallow and unchanging , it has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to be brave , it means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice and white woman , and in my workforce , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do me , but in a sincere way .
The first question is , how do you get to be model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason that I made model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm a beneficiary of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last centuries we have not only defined beauty as health and youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we have also associated with a high , <unk> shape , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to take out to make money .
And I know that there are people in the audience who have now been skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> <unk> saying -- wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wn .
First of all , we would encourage them to know so much about models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each other and each of the models on the runway , and the <unk> models of it , only 27 , that 's less than four percent , they were not white .
The next question that people are always doing is : Can it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know .
But then , what I would really tell you to every one of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> <unk> and poet , which would be awesome , because you would be the first .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I say , `` Yes , my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head chief of an American magazine or the executive director of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that you want to be model model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're greater .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to demonstrate to you all I learned in 10 years as a model , since , unlike <unk> surgery , it can be summed up right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've done your studies , and you have a rsum and a little bit of jobs on your back , no matter what you say , you know , if you say you 're going to be the United States of the United States , but your rsum would say , Model of underwear for 10 years , people would look weird .
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures were broken .
And yes , virtually all the pictures are all about , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but it was a girl .
This is how I looked at my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I 'm at a pajama party a few days before the photos for French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and the magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not myself in those pictures .
They 're creations from a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they can create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people are always doing is : Are we doing free things ?
I have too many six inches and never use , except the previous couple , but the privilege I get is I get in real life , and we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and I once went to a store and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the dress for free .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a very bad driver ; he got a red light light and , of course , we stood up , and it took an agent , and it took for you , an agent in order to keep driving .
I love this privilege for me , not for what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of <unk> teenagers who stood in and checked , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black and Latino men in New York , so for them , it 's not a question of me ?
And how many of the time I got to myself ? And when ?
When I investigate this talk , I found out that <unk> percent of 13 years in the United States do n't like their body , and that figure rises to 78 percent .
So , the last question that people do is , how is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer that they expect is : If you 're a little thinner , and you have the brightest hair , you 're very happy and happy .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like this .
We say , `` It 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible power to work with creative and resourceful people .
And that 's all true , but it 's just one part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them , is , I 'm insecure .
And I am because I have to worry about my way every day .
And if you ever ask , with some thinner legs and the hair 's brighter hair , will be happier ?
They just have to meet a bunch of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brighter hair and the <unk> , but probably are the <unk> women on the planet .
But mostly it was hard to look at a race of racial oppression and gender when I 'm one of the biggest <unk> .
If there is something that retain from this talk , I hope you 're all getting more comfortable to recognize the power of the image that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
The photograph has been my passion since I was getting older enough to attach a camera , but I want to share with you my 15 most precious photos , and I was n't me who got them .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimum of care in the lighting .
In fact , most of them were pulled by random tourists .
My story begins when I was meeting in New York City to give a lecture , my wife pulled me up with this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday -- that 's the corner of 57 and five .
He took the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later , so we decided so we decided to get the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what 's coming in .
When my daughter was approaching my daughter 's third birthday , my wife told me , `` Why do n't you take a <unk> in New York on a <unk> journey and you stick the ritual ? ''
Here 's when we started to ask the tourists that were going to get us out of the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has ever been denied and , fortunately , no one has ever gotten off the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much life would change this journey .
It became sacred to us .
This photo is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop time in a October week , and we would make ourselves reflect on our time and our evolution over the years , not only on the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because while we always took the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter reaches new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything .
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope for illusion all over the year .
Recently , on one of the trips we were walking , we were walking up , when all of a sudden , it stopped dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the London 's shop who loved in small visits .
And he described me what had felt at the five years of foot in that place .
He claimed that he remembered his heart , <unk> , when I saw that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what 's looking at in New York are universities , because it 's determined to study in New York City .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things that we create are memories .
So , I want to share the idea of actively engaging in conscious conscious of memories .
I do n't know about you , but apart from these 15 photos , I 'm not getting out of a lot of the familiar pictures .
I 'm always the one who takes the picture .
Today , I want to encourage you all to appear in the photo , and you 're not going to get around and ask someone and ask , `` Do you take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
Doctors are in the most threatened birds group .
First of all , why do they have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughter , <unk> , <unk> characters , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , laughter and applause and <unk> these are the attributes that they associate with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament are not clean the environment , <unk> are not helping prevent disease spread .
They hardly be monogamous . They 're far away from extinct . And my favorite , rabbits have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the rabbits in the New World that are mainly found in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the Old World rabbits , where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 people face a high risk of extinction .
So why rabbits are important ? First of all , provide vital services services .
It 's our natural garbage gatherers .
<unk> the bodies to the bone .
They help kill all the bacteria . They help absorb anthrax that they would n't be made of them would spread and causing huge losses from livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent surveys have shown that in areas where there 's no rabbits , the bodies take three to four times a while in broken , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of disease .
rabbits also have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the maternity and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the Alto and over Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the Tasmanian devil from 10 <unk> heads .
In <unk> culture , they 're doing very important burials to open sky , in places like Tibet , there is no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these rabbits provide a system of natural elimination .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are at the end of extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , rabbits are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are in the critically endangered list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years old is <unk> , and the reason is because they fall jail for livestock and <unk> .
This drug has been banned for veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there is no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on the street landfill , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge amount of time bomb , the number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be above Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half .
They 're <unk> .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrible commerce of rabbits that are dead to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what is it doing ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine the basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so focusing on a local problem is not going to do anything .
We have to work with governments at the regional level .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , make noise , you can write a letter to your government and tell you , we have to focus on these very little creatures , and we have to focus on their time to spread the word .
When you get out of this room , you 'll tell you about rabbits , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors about rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort , without energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do , and everything I do professionally -- my life -- it 's been written for seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 until 1977 , I was young , but I 'm no longer . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia , in technical cooperation projects with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was disturbed .
I thought , at the age of 21 , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we played with it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where we could teach people in Zambia to grow food .
So , we came up with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends into the <unk> River , and we teach the local , and we teach the local and <unk> and <unk> tomatoes .
And of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they would tell them to come to work , and sometimes they did n't come . We were amazed that the locals , in so fertile , had n't had agriculture .
But instead , instead of asking them how it was possible that they were n't doing anything , we simply said , `` Thank God we are here . '' `` Just for saving people in Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was grown beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow up to this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were saying to the <unk> , `` Look at how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red , overnight , about 200 <unk> appeared from the river and ate everything . And we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , that 's why we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say it ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought we can only make the Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans did , what the British did , what the French did , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we fed the <unk> .
We 're going to look at the waste -- and we 're going to see the waste that would give you the waste of Africa .
He wants to read a book , I read `` dead Help '' from <unk> <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've given the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about harm that money has caused .
You just read their book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Westerners are imperialists , missionaries <unk> , and we treat people only in two ways , or the <unk> , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
Yet , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with any of a different culture as if they were my kids . `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if they were my servants .
That 's why white in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' chief .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The little thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for <unk> , who said , by <unk> , if people do n't want to be helped , save alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said , `` Can we -- Can you imagine a city that is not <unk> ? ''
I decided for 27 years only to respond to people , and invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you ever motivates anybody , but it becomes a guy from local passion , the guy of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So what do you do ? It 's <unk> .
They never come to a community with an idea , and they sit with the people of locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We got together in a coffee . We got together in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give you an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do you ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that the man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we help them find the knowledge , because nobody in the world can be successful .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years back and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we hear them ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
<unk> entrepreneurs , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they have identified .
So planning has this blind spot .
The most intelligent people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they just disagree with your public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one to one , and we work face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the doctor 's family doctor , which is committed to you in your house at your kitchen table , in the coffee table , and it helps to find the resources to transform your passion into a form of living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to move away from this patronizing junk that we got to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects going , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ? ''
How can it do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very , very hard .
I shut up and listened . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We helped start 40,000 businesses .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest corporate advisors in history , passed away to 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a philosophy professor before being involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says , `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative enterprise . ''
The planning is the kiss of the death of the entrepreneurship .
So now <unk> rebuilding reconstructing without knowing what people else in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you .
You have to offer you all , privacy , you have to be fantastic to help you , and then <unk> , come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What do you show you more ? Do you get more to this morning ?
Local local people . That 's what you 're .
So what I 'm telling you is that an entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution , <unk> fossils , manufacturing -- and from one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to think about , is how we think about it , heal , we 're educating , we 're moving , we communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do it .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution , universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that read many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the European year .
And in the European year , they got together this group of people , and we 've got to know what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve , and they pointed out , if the population is kept growing up at this rate , to move the population of New York to the surroundings , six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already lying on dung . And so in terms of it , they were <unk> this dirty technology that 's going to be in New York City .
So what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> manufacturers were developed company manufacturers .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
But there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer them all .
Otherwise , they 're not going to talk to you .
Then , you have to offer them an absolute , dedicated , <unk> .
And then subsequently , you 'll have to tell you the truth with it .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three great things : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to have a great financial management .
You know what ?
We have never met a single human being in the world that I can do , sell and search for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is not yet born .
We 've looked at the research and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common , just one : no one was started by one person .
Never the word `` me , '' but the word `` us '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody starts a company . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment , sitting there in bars , along with their misconceptions , who will do for you , what someone did by this gentleman who speaks about this tonight , someone who 's done by this gentleman who speaks about this tonight .
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
Well , can you sell ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like to look for somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange much knowledge in spite of sharing the public spaces .
In the last few years , I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrowing more things without calling the door at a bad time ?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and better understand our landscape ?
How do we share our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> and <unk> for centuries .
It 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest number of abandoned property properties .
I live close to this house , and I thought it could make it into a more pleasant space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
Their death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this made me deep gratitude for the living time .
It clearly gave the significant things to my current life .
But I 'm going to ask you to keep this look in my everyday life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be able to catch the day and forget the really important thing for one .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant board , and he painted about her sentences to complete it , `` Before I want to die I want ... ''
So the audacity could just take one chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to expect from this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled and kept on .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit at the line of date . ''
`` Before he died I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before we die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before we die , I want to go again . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
`` Before I was dying , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space was constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh , laughing , and they gave me comfort at hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's trying to understand our neighbors in new and <unk> ways , and it 's trying to accommodate your reflection and contemplation at it , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
And so with my colleagues in the civic center , we made a kit , and now they 've done walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we demonstrated the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the things that we have is the time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of <unk> , it 's more important than ever , to find the shapes of conserving perspective and remember that life is very short and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that prepare for death is one of those things that we become more power .
If you think about death , we 're living our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hopes and fears and stories , the people around us ca n't can help us improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
<unk> is 22 years old , and it 's very handsome .
It does n't talk , but it makes joy better than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
The shares of whatever happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
It does n't care about religious differences and notice this : I never lied .
When singing songs of our childhood , trying to articulate words that I could n't even remember , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
But it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I was stole my <unk> , but remember the year when I came out with each of my iPod 's songs , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , to pee on my arm during the first episode of <unk> and Lady Gaga .
Does n't it look amazing ?
But most people do n't agree .
And , in fact , because your minds do n't fit into the <unk> concept of society , they are often ignored and <unk> .
But what he propelled my heart and my soul was , that even if that was the case , even though they would n't consider them inside the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : <unk> and extraordinary .
Now , for those of you who are familiar with the term `` autism '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself differently , from there that 's so different by Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , is diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the disorders of development that faster increases in the world , there is no cause , no known cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self to be in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
It takes a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies and , in fact , he did n't look very interested in me at all .
It was living in his own world , and it went out in their own world , with their own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in row around the room , staring at the machine and eat anything that would have between the mid-water .
As I was growing up , it became more different , and the differences were made more apparent .
But beyond the beatings , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child that sees the world with no biases , a human being that I had never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some difficult times in my family , moments where I would have desired them to be just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality and communication and love , and I realize that they are things that I would n't want to change for normal .
<unk> happens to be the beauty and the fact that the difference and the fact that it does n't mean anybody 's wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If you could find one single thing to go through and Sam and you would have to be normal .
They can be remarkable .
Because autistic or no , the differences that we have -- they 're a gift ! Each of us has a gift in their interior , and honestly , the search for normal is the last sacrifice of the potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change will die at the time when we 're trying to be as others .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit about what must have been Alice in the country 's country .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , who gave a class of communication to engineering students .
She was scared . It was really scared . Tell me about these students with their great minds , their great books and great unknown words .
But by developing those conversations , I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just so I sat down when I had those conversations with students , and I was amazed that the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We need desperately to be a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are those who are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to the environment and health care , among others , and if we do n't know about this , the work is n't done , and I think that 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations ca n't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive .
First question to <unk> : And what ?
<unk> why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us simply studying the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat morality .
And when they 're describing their science , caring for jargon .
<unk> is a obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary '' but why do n't you say `` space and time '' that is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same as silly .
Instead , as Einstein said , it 's all as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging the ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they are ways of connecting and <unk> with their content .
And when I present her work , forget the sign of `` bullet . ''
You 've wondered why they 're called `` bullets '' -- what do bullets do ? bullets kill , and they will kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not just boring , but it 's supporting too much in the language of the language of our brain and drives us .
Instead , this <unk> example of <unk> Brown is much more effective , and it shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that I really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible phrase , that the public can understand whether it 's lost , and then we will provide graphs that we 're going to make our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what 's described .
I think these are just some key points that can help others open the door and look at the country of the wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the OED is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest policy . ''
Although there was a journalism publisher of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> is the one who seeks a public charge without any matter of it , platform or principle , and that , when you win , he gets it by the mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try fluent the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed newspapers allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the rare name of <unk> <unk> , who faced the Parliament .
They put him in the Tower of London and she was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to tackle them , and finally he had such a popular support in London that he won .
And just a few years later , we had the first use of the phrase , `` Such this <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's by an advocate of freedom of expression .
But to show you really how words and politics interact , I want you to come back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was discussed in Congress for a long time .
You submitted all kinds of suggestions that they might have been presented with .
Some of them wanted to call it `` Chief of State Washington , '' and others , `` His <unk> George Washington , '' and the other `` <unk> George Washington , '' Washington .
Not very attractive .
Some of them just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was about quality .
And they did n't even have the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term .
And there could be served .
Everybody was tired of immensely immensely , because this debate was going on for three weeks .
I read the newspaper of a slum Senator , and I always wrote , `` Even with this topic . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives were against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to power .
You did n't want to call it King by whether he gave him to him or his successor to ideas .
So , they wanted to give the most modest title , more insignificant and more pathetic than they did .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invented the title . It 's already existed before , but it only meant , `` someone who would take a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more than the term `` foreman '' or `` <unk> . ''
There was presidents <unk> of small colonial colonial and fractions fractions , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate is written .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreigners . ''
`` And who 's going to take a degree as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't invent .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been influenced by the President 's degree .
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to follow there , waiting for the Senate .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- -- it 's possible to keep waiting for <unk> years .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and I want to leave you , is that the American President of America does n't sound as modest today , right ?
If you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads available , the largest economy in the world and a fleet of air aerial vehicles and so on .
The reality and history have doubled the title of <unk> .
So in the end I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a singularity .
But how many nations have a president now ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So , in the end the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because nobody is going to feel humble when you tell you that they 're now the President of America .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and I 'd like to leave you with .
Political politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality , but actually , reality changes the words much more than what these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 at feet underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see it much more .
I hear voices that talk , but most of all , that cacophony of male <unk> and rocks and rocks .
Like everybody else , I 'm wearing a cheap <unk> of light attached to my head with this <unk> elastic , and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole in a meter that falls hundreds of feet on the ground .
My hand and I suddenly remember a miner I met , who lost the control and fell countless feet in that well .
As I talk to you today , these men are deep at the depths of that hole , their lives without pays and reward , often dying .
I went out of that hole and went home , but they probably never do it , because they 're prey from slavery .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor to be the only <unk> in the Vancouver 's Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people that I met there , I met a <unk> in <unk> the <unk> , an NGO that 's made to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and actually , I began to learn about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not as a degree .
When we finished talking to myself , I felt very bad , I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this joy of our days and I thought , if I do n't know how many people do n't know ?
He made me a stomach , and weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the conductor of the <unk> , and offer my help .
So my journey started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been on many of these sites .
Some , even , I considered them my second home .
But this time , I 'll hold the dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people in the world in the world .
It 's twice as much of the number of African Africans during all of them treat them .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
But now , today , you can find entire families for generations for 18 dollars from $ 18 .
Amazingly , slavery generates profit from over 13 billion dollars a year across the world .
Many have been fooled with false education promises and better work to then find that they are forced to work without pay , under violence and they ca n't escape .
It 's slavery today operating in trade : goods produced by slaves have value , but the ones that produce them are disposable .
It slavery exists in most of the world , and yet it 's illegal around the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the bricks of bricks .
This odd show , and great , it was like entering ancient Egypt or hell .
<unk> at a temperature of 54 C , men , women , children , in fact , entire families wrapped up wrapped in a heavy coat of <unk> <unk> <unk> on their heads , up to 18 at the time , and they take them from the hot furnaces to trucks that are at hundreds of meters .
<unk> for monotony and tiredness work silent , doing this task again and again for 16 hours a day .
There was no pause to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> made that pee was a pretty inconsequential .
So <unk> were the heat and the powder that my camera was too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning for <unk> and , sitting there , thinking , `` My camera gets a much better treatment better than these people . ''
Back in the furnaces , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was on my side and he was quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , you do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And it explained to me so clearly to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't offer you any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was n't citizenship of that country .
I could put them in a situation worse than they were already .
I had to trust the <unk> ' and work inside the system by his release and he trusted that he 's going to get it .
As far as I was waiting to get home to feel my broken heart .
In the Himalayas , I found children dragging rocks for miles through mountain land to trucks they were waiting down .
Those big ones were heavier than the kids that would charge and the kids would put them into their heads with straps made out of sticks , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something as insidious , but pervasive ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day with no <unk> , because this has been that whole life .
They have nothing with what to compare .
When these villagers were terrified of their freedom , the <unk> were completely burned .
When you hear the word of slavery often , we often think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global awareness , they warned me that it would be difficult to me work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was <unk> women who had previously been previously .
It was driven by a few ladders <unk> that gave this dirty basement to dim light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know about the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private , where the prostitution in conjunction with their girls and children , some of them just seven years -- are forced to entertain the clients and to encourage them to buy more food and alcohol .
Every place is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided through a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients ' hands .
On the zone , I remember having sense of a <unk> fear and , in that instant , I could barely imagine what it must be stuck in that hell .
I just had an exit line , the stairs .
There was no doors back .
There was no windows as to climb up .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and because we touch a hard issue , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , is happening around us .
There are hundreds of people <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
textiles is another activity that often relate to the labor of slave labor .
I went to Indian villages in which there were whole families in the middle of the silk .
This is a family portrait .
The black <unk> hands are the father , the <unk> of blue and red .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and dive silk in the liquid up to the elbows , but this is toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , we can get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay for our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children in Lake Volta , the biggest artificial lake in the world .
When we came up , I went out a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen family in a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , does it make sense ?
Wrong . It was all slaves .
Children are separated from their <unk> families , they were missing and forced to work extensive <unk> on these boats , even though they wo n't swim .
This child is eight years old .
When our boat came up , I was shivering ; that his little canoe was <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water .
<unk> branches on the trees plunged into Lake Volta , often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , they put into the water to unleash the branches .
Many drown .
Since it remembers , it 's always been forced to work in the lake .
For fear of her love is not going to run away , and as the whole life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> treat the younger slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they woke up the latest networks , but they had been working on .
In the cold and <unk> night .
And it 's going to point out that these networks weigh over 400 kilos when they 're filled with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued by a fishing village .
I met him in a refuge shelter in which he <unk> the <unk> ' victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes possible .
Who 's going to be because of someone decided to make a difference in your life ?
<unk> through a road in Ghana with partners ' partners , a fellow <unk> with his motorcycle suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and broke the window .
He asked us to take it on a path of land to the forest .
At the end of the way , we were going to get away from the car , and he asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then he pointed out this path just just visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we took off the <unk> that <unk> the path , and after walking around an hour , what we found was that the path was driven by the recent rains , so I put the pictures of the photos on my head as you 're going to get into the chest .
After two hours of walking , the <unk> path ended up abruptly in a clear , and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit into a football field , and they were all full of working workers .
A lot of women had kids strapped on their backs , and they were looking for gold , they climbed in poison waters with mercury .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the well , they were rooted in their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because a lot had been underground for 72 hours .
wells , you have to get down to 90 feet , and these people carry heavy stone bags that then they will be shipped to another area where they 're going to get the stone out to get the gold .
In the first sight , the site seems to be full , strong men , but if we look closer , we get to the margin , we see another little less fortunate and also kids .
They 're all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this <unk> is going to end up like this victim of T.B , and from poisoning you in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died he took him to work with him in mines .
When he died his uncle , I would inherit his uncle debt that force it to become a slave in mines .
When I met him , I had worked in mines 14 years , and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe the doctors said it should be <unk> .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet it 's forced to work at night and day in that mine .
Yet he 's dreaming of being released and educated with help from local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , to face a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to shine light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we will bear witness to them and we 're going to do everything to help change their lives .
I truly believe that if we can see ourselves each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult for atrocities like slavery .
These images are n't magazines . These are people , real people , like me and like me , that deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day if I do n't think of these many beautiful , battered people , that I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope that these images wake up a force in which you see them , in people like you , and I hope that that force turns into a fire , and that fire light light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I 'm doing math applied , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like the management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today , I 'll try and try and explain to you what I do .
The dance is one of the most human activities .
We were telling us the <unk> and the <unk> dancers that we 'll see later .
But the ballet demands an extraordinary degree of training , a high level of skill , and probably a certain initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , they gradually destroy this extraordinary ability , as it does with my friend <unk> <unk> that , in his time , was a virtuous dancer .
In the last few years , it 's made a lot of progress on treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world that are sick and they have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in objective , and ultimately , the only way we can know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective measure and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement , there 's no biological markers . That 's why they do n't show blood analysis and the best we have is a <unk> neurological exam .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very costly , and that means that , outside of clinical trials , they never do . It 's never done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a <unk> trip to the clinic . What if patients could do the exam themselves ?
It would n't be personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to propose to you as a <unk> way to try , you see , in some sense at least , we 're all virtuous as my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds when you speak , we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all of those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes that we need to .
And , like ballet , it requires an extraordinary level of training .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can track the position of vocal chords as vibrate , and as Parkinson 's is affecting the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
<unk> , you can see an example of <unk> <unk> of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
tremor , weakness and rigidity .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials ? Well , they both are <unk> .
The neurological test is not invasive . Both of them use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole range of hospitals to make them .
Both are skillful . Okay , but also <unk> tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds as a lot .
These are minimal cost , and we all know what happens .
When something takes a cost so low : it appears to scale .
These are some amazing targets to address .
We can reduce the patients ' difficulties .
I would n't have to go to the clinic for the <unk> .
With high monitoring monitoring , we could get targets .
We could make a massive <unk> <unk> for clinical trials , and for the first time , <unk> doable at a general scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So when I 'm going to give the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's Initiative .
Together with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals .
We have local local lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Whatever or without Parkinson 's , you can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents , and I 'm very happy to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples out of , let 's say 10,000 people , you 'll be able to say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
What would you come from these samples ?
Max Little : Yes , yeah . What happens is that during the call , you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not spend it . You can not end it .
But we 're going to get a very large cross-section of data that we 're going to get in different circumstances , and to do it in different circumstances , it 's important because we 're looking for the factors of confusion in search of real markers of disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
Actually , my student <unk> , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it has shown that it works on mobile phone phone , also , what 's going to take the project . Now we have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March of the 2011 , he made <unk> adjustments in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures , gray .
We were drowning in the darkness , in <unk> rooms , and usually we avoid sunlight .
We make the thin thin skin , the perfect perfect skin , even more perfect , we do the impossible , possible , and tell us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a true taste of the images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where it was voluntary , there <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the response team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we could n't sit at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a small fishing village located in <unk> <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The level of water has reached over 24 feet tall and over three kilometers in the inside .
As you can imagine , the village was devastated .
We bring out the debris from the waterways and the ditches .
We got schools . We removed the slime , and we leave the ready houses to be new and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten in the local factory .
We were <unk> and we loved it .
For weeks , both the volunteers like the neighbors found things similar .
They found pictures and <unk> photos and cameras and cards .
They all did the same thing .
<unk> and take them to different places in the villages of around them .
It was n't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While I was fleeing the wave , and to save his lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a center center of the village .
It helped clean the continental bathrooms , huge , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the cutting center would pick up the photos .
And there 's where they took them , and I had the honor that that day <unk> in me to clean the photos .
This was exhilarating and inspiring , I had heard the expression beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I was my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the pictures , I found some people who had more than a hundred years , they were still in the lab , I could n't help but think about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night on Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started tweaking the photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too much dependent on it , but where the water had gotten into the face of the girl , I had to get rid of a lot of precision and it turns out .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't have what it looks like , and that would be as tragic as having the fuck picture .
With the time step , they came up with a little bit more pictures , and it took more excited about this , and it 's got a little bit of <unk> on Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 to 80 countries were offered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people who are coming to join .
In Japan , in July , we 're moving to <unk> , a neighboring village in northern <unk> .
Once a week , we use our scanner in the photographic photographic libraries that had set up , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that it would take in <unk> is a different story , it depended on <unk> of the photos .
I could take an hour . I could take a weeks .
It could take months .
This <unk> had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water was n't destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in saltwater , covered in bacteria , with algae , even oil , all of it along with the step of the time I continue to do <unk> , and that 's why <unk> was a major part of the project .
We could n't tinker with the photo unless it was clean , dry and had been washed by his owner .
We were lucky to hand .
We have the guidance of a remarkable neighboring .
It 's very easy to hurt the pictures even more because it 's damaged .
As he said once <unk> , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky in relation to photos .
He had begun to <unk> her , but he stopped when he realized that the hurt even more .
It also had doubled .
Without them , the images of his husband and his own face would n't have been able to rebuild , and we were able to visualize the images in one picture and tweaking the whole photo .
When I picked her pictures shared a little bit of his story with us .
Some of his husband 's colleagues found the pictures in a fire station between the rubble far away from where her house used to be his house , but his colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go inside the water as the Sirens <unk> .
Their small kids , not so small now , but their two kids were at school , in different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
It took him a week to find his whole family and know that everybody had survived .
The day I gave her pictures his son was at 14 , 14 years old .
For her , despite all of this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to , something that could remember the past that it was n't beaten up on the day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up with hundreds of hundreds of them being helped to be able to clean up for more than 135,000 photographs , the vast majority of them became the hands of their owners .
More than 500 volunteers from all over the world helped us back to 90 families , hundreds of pictures of totally <unk> and <unk> .
Over this time , we do n't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials , most of the <unk> for printers .
We took pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , one place , a relationship , somebody dear .
They are <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing that we would go for .
So this was the project , to restore little pieces of humanity , to bring someone their connection to the past .
When a picture like this comes back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the lives of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected to something bigger , bring something bigger , using their talent for something that 's not thin skin models .
So , in fact , I 'd like to read this email .
While you were <unk> , I could n't avoid thinking about the people and the stories shown in images .
One in particular , a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small girl , gathered around a baby , gathered around a baby , was moved to me , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , me and my newborn daughter , hangs on our wall .
In the whole world , in all the few basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us to wonder and curiosity with this picture of a bullet going through an apple in an exhibition for just a millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go one million times faster and see the world not to one million or a billion frames per second .
I give you a new type of photography : <unk> -- a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after the corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the interior of the body without using X-rays , and really challenging the camera idea .
If I take a laser pointer , and I switch it and shut it up in a second or a second , in various <unk> , to create an photons of photons in a millimeter in width .
And that package of photons , that bullet , travel at the speed of light , and , again , one million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle , how do you disperse those photons into this bottle ?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light moving .
Coca-Cola did n't mention this research . They 've got a lot of things in this movie ; I 'm showing this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet 's pulse , goes into the bottle with an photons set of photons that starts to walk through and that , inside , starts to <unk> .
Part of the light goes off , goes to the table , and we started to see these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the lid , and then they explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a bubble of air that bounces inside .
In that time , the waves travel down the table and because of the reflections of the top , you see the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that the insights are concentrate .
Now , if we take a common and current bullet , and we 're going to run the same distance , and we see it in slow motion 10 billion times about 10 billion times , how much would you think that would lead us to see that movie ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring movie of a <unk> bullet motion .
And what about death with dead nature ?
You can see the waves that get out of the table and the tomato and the wall of the background .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way that nature paints a picture , thought , from a <unk> at once , but of course our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at once again , this tomato , you 'll notice that , as light gets over a tomato , it 's still bright . It does n't <unk> .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and light bounces inside , and it comes back after several <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phone , you 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
Why do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a picture at low exposure , it gets very little light .
But we 'll go to a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so I 'll just get into something of light .
We sent that bullet , that package of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over and over with a very cleverly , we took these gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of these raw data , and it 's sort of interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw something out of light on the door , <unk> , enter the room , one part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
Where we could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall there is a dummy and put the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , slightly different moments .
And as we have a camera that works so fast , our <unk> , has unique capacities .
It 's got very good time resolution and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So , we know the distances to the door , and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point it corresponds to .
In projecting a laser , you can record a raw photo , you see on the screen , it does n't really make sense .
But will we take a lot of images like this , dozens of images , and we 're going to try and look at the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that will avoid collisions with what 's at the turn of the curve .
Or we could search for survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at the light reflected through open windows .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the interior of the body , and it 's <unk> , and the same for the <unk> .
But of course , because of tissue , and the blood is quite difficult , so this is actually an order to scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of thinking about the next generation .
So like Doc <unk> , he 's a scientist , it turned science in art , an art of photographs .
I realized that all of the gigabytes of the data that we collected every time are not only for scientific views , but we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do it .
We create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just about <unk> .
But here is a fun thing here .
If we look at the waves underneath the lid , you 're going away from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording about the speed of light , we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved to see this image .
The order in which the events occur in the world is sometimes inverted by the camera .
We 're going to take the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A cell phone can change life , and gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can <unk> a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a cell phone , you can record a song , he 's going to move it to <unk> and get famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> from 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were looking for a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all of these people gathered in search for a change , had a cell phone in your pocket .
Who 's sent to have a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Hands up .
<unk> . A Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today has a mobile phone .
But today , I 'm going to talk about my mobile phone , and how I changed my life .
I 'll talk about this .
These are 35 lines of information .
Data data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the Commission on the E.U . was presented with board .
The <unk> of data .
This board says that every European telephone company , every Internet provider , has to store a broad range of information from users .
Who calls an email to whom .
Who sends a text to whom .
And if we use your cell phone , where we are .
All this information is stored for at least six months , and up to two years , in his phone company or your Internet provider .
And all over Europe , people stood in and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data retention .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone and the Internet providers , stored all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets in Berlin and said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some people even said this would be 2.0 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also asked myself if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Whenever I use your mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , who please give me all the information that you had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete response . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information , because you 're holding my life . ''
That 's why I decided to make a lawsuit for justice , because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give you this information .
In the end , we signed up .
It would send me the demand and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly one on brown with a CD inside .
And in the CD there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> over information lines .
At first I saw them and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this file .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data , we did this .
This is a visualization in six months of my life .
You can zoom in and walk away , go backwards and go ahead .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going from <unk> on the subway , and what I often call on the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a bit of fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we 're talking about a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends , and they call me each other .
And then you call the other , and the other , and we end up with this big communications network .
You can see how your people communicate to each other what time they call each other , what time they do sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who 's talking to who , who 's going to send an email to who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is recorded at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at first , imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> had known who was involved in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who the leaders were , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall might never have happened .
And , consequently , it 's also not the fall of an accomplishment .
Because today state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web .
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight that every day .
When back home , tell your friends , that privacy is a 21st century value , and it 's not trending .
When you go home , tell your representative to only because business and state agencies can be able to store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information they store from you .
So in the future , every time you use your cell phones that comes in to remember that they have to fight for self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me into the world .
I put my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , which is why I would spend all the time .
Look .
It 's tiring . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad did .
Much C. It 's not genetics .
It 's not <unk> nor can contract .
Nobody <unk> my mother from my mother and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It 's just about accidents , like the one that happened to be born .
Now I warn you , I 'm not an inspiration . And I do n't want any of you .
They feel bad for me , because at some point in life , they wish to be disabled .
Go for a walk .
Christmas Christmas , you 're in the mall , drive in circles in looking for parking lot and what you see ?
16 empty places for disabled .
And they think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
Also , I tell you , I have 99 problems , and doubly C is just one of them .
There 's a <unk> of the oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I am Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and live in New Jersey .
If that does n't feel better , maybe you should .
I 'm from Park <unk> , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't be . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it . I dance to <unk> . ''
If my three elderly sisters , <unk> , <unk> .
If my three older sisters went to public school , my parents would give them to the school system , and I would argue that I was also , and if we did n't take the ultimate note , we all took my mother 's <unk> .
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my toes on her feet and just walking .
Another tactic I used to use was just a dollar in front of me to get it .
The <unk> I 'm wearing was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking as a boxing champion who had received a lot of hits .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family .
Now there 's 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family , and I think nobody realized that we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians would think appropriate to use `` I hate Muslims '' as slogan .
The people that I grew up with had no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot of fun to die of hunger during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live in three months without eating , so quickly of the dawn at dusk is very easy .
<unk> they did on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't pay physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , or I can walk .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends wear heels , I was also .
And when my friends were friends going through summer holidays on the coast of Jersey , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents feared that if I do n't go back to Palestine all the summers , we 're going to join Madonna .
On the summer vacation of summer often my father tried to <unk> , so I was drinking milk in the deer , put me warm cups on my back , <unk> me on the Dead Sea , and I remember in the Dead Sea , and I remember , `` It works . ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I must say , it 's very boring , but before I was doing yoga was a stand-up comedian who could n't stand up .
And now I can stand in your head .
My parents would take this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be at General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for <unk> , University of Arizona , because I was in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> pet department .
They all loved me .
I did all the tasks of the least smart tasks , I took the ultimate note in my classes , and also in their classes .
Every time I made a scene from the glass zoo my professors would cry .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to do a piece called slow dance .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` In order I 'll have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
Anyway , free .
Thank you , I 'm free , I 'm free .
I did n't get paper . They gave him for Brown Brown .
I went to <unk> running the director of the theater department , crying historically , as if someone had killed my cat , ask him why and she told me that she could n't make the risk stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't make the risk stunts , you ca n't have the character . ''
It was a paper that was literally born and gave an actor without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> history of <unk> actors with no disabled .
When I graduated , I went home , and my first tour tour was as extra in a sitcom .
My dream was actually made .
And I knew it would be `` mate '' `` mate '' `` <unk> friend '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there like a vase , I did n't see my head more than the neck , and it was clear to me , that <unk> <unk> actresses , not white , disabled .
Just give you perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up looking at <unk> Goldberg , Roseanne , <unk> , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
So I made myself <unk> .
On my first tour , I took famous comical from New York to New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comedian that took when he fell into the realization that I was at high speed through the New Jersey of New Jersey .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and no veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you never heard that little disgusting buzz that says that women are not fun , and they find us very fun .
In 2003 , my brother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> Comedy Festival in New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of <unk> in the media , and as opposed to remind them to <unk> <unk> , and Arabic are not <unk> .
<unk> Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was invited to the cable news program by cable has Keith <unk> .
I walked into a graduation dance , dragged me into a study and sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal , and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two . ''
And we were alive .
So I contacted the presenter desk so I could n't get out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
I finally had my opportunity and the <unk> , I knew you would n't get me .
But not only Mr. <unk> came back to me , but I stayed as a full-time participant and hit my chair .
A lot of fun that I learned today with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum scum .
It 's said that kids are cruel , but they never made fun of me or older .
Suddenly my disability on the Internet became <unk> .
I 'd see clips online with comments like , `` Why <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> .
What disease is it ?
We should really pray for it . ''
A commentator think that I would add my disability to my rsum , writer , a comedian , paralyzed .
The disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair can not make <unk> , then you ca n't do somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the ... Yes , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled is the largest minority in the world , and the most <unk> in the entertainment world .
Doctors were saying they wo n't walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , we 've grown up with media , I do n't think I was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that <unk> less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children well .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came up with the red carpet by the hail of Susan Susan <unk> and the infamous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act in a movie with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world running `` Arabs have gone nuts . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008 .
And I started , `` The Children of <unk> , '' a charity to give kids Palestinian refugees , a little fraction of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me act alive , and I do this talk to her memory .
It comes in peace , dad .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a small village .
I do n't know your name , but I know their story .
She lives in a small <unk> village .
This people is about <unk> .
<unk> drives the small village to poverty and on the verge of starvation .
Without anything for him , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no job , no perspective on the future .
He just lived in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year , <unk> , nothing .
One day he gets about a guy who offers to take it to lunch , after dinner , for breakfast .
He knows a dynamic group of people who gives him a break .
She gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , his family .
They presented to a young man .
They finally got home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That child of that little village with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were at <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So how did a story of a small village trying to get their dreams in the city ends with him <unk> ?
He was waiting for .
I was waiting for an opportunity to start his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing he got .
This was the first thing that got it out of what we call `` the <unk> period . ''
And your story repeats in urban centers around the world .
It 's the history of the marginalized , young unemployed young unemployed , who <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , looking for something beyond the period of waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , for jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that suffer from the highest unemployment rates .
By 2030 , three of five people living in cities will be under 18 years .
If we do n't include the young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the story of the <unk> period , the door of access to terrorism , to violence , in gangs , will be the history of cities 2.0 .
And in my birth of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young men are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , not going to school .
They do virtually nothing .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , where I was born .
I remember standing in front of that hospital , and I remember thinking , `` What if I 'd never gone ? ''
What if I would have seen forced to be in the same time period ?
Would it become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure about the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to house some juveniles in a business summit .
He would give up to the 1990s juvenile leaders .
We sat down and we had a brainstorming of ideas about solutions to great challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to <unk> University , she graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , because he was a graduate university , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white woman for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to get the point B is the streets .
<unk> civil war years have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and seized it .
It started a motorcycle company .
She started <unk> motorcycles to the local residents who normally could get 'em .
I bought 10 motorcycles , with the help of his family and friends , and her dream is at some point to expand hundreds of bikes for the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What makes this story different ?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the entrepreneurial spirit , and I think the entrepreneurial spirit may be the most powerful tool against the period of waiting .
They were giving young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are searching so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a florist .
I was helping me train some of the young people at the top business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative .
In fact , it 's the first florist that <unk> has seen in over 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers to come , if you wanted flowers to be from plastic , we were from plastic .
If you tell someone , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a joint <unk> company .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and he started growing <unk> and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And it began the delivery of flower flowers , creating gardens in houses , and the city companies , and now it 's working on the creation of the world 's first public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like he says , smell the pink <unk> .
By the way , he 's not born pink because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really deep impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought to work for an NGO , work for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
It forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
They encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , who might be <unk> .
By the end of the day , they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
We 're using business solutions for local problems .
So , inspiring young people and create a corporate spirit culture is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas reality .
They need experience and guidance to guide them and put them on their business .
<unk> the young of the resources that they need , they support the support they need to move from conception to creation , and you will create the catalysts for urban growth .
For me , the spirit of business is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Its Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , transforming the way people see their city .
<unk> hired children from the street to help rent and keep the bikes for him .
He gave them a chance to escape from the <unk> of the `` waiting period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : to become young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eating their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and <unk> from the Peace that <unk> and periods of waiting .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , an area <unk> in the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The forest <unk> .
The sun was making the leaves <unk> like a <unk> , and not going to be the path we were still left , almost we could pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We arrived at our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> , with sight to a beautiful piece of view when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed , there was a <unk> , from about four square feet with rotten apple cardiac hearts , aluminum paper , and old footwear .
And I was stunned , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> they were too lazy to get what they had brought out , who thought it was going to clean their trash ?
That question followed with me , and it was simplified a little bit .
Who clean up our garbage ?
Does n't matter how you 're going to put your mind or where do you put our trash in Istanbul ?
Who clean our garbage in Rio or Paris or London ?
Here in New York City , the <unk> Department clean our garbage , and they 're right about 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know all as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and carry that payload ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectory and interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go further .
So I started to work like a trash line .
Now I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I did them .
And they operated the mechanical cord and the snow .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everybody asks about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as mainstream as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong you get used to it .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies were still getting rid of their body tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Statistics , <unk> , <unk> is one of the ten most dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and coming in the traffic all day , and they move side-by-side to you .
They just want to be <unk> , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's really bad for the worker .
And also the crap itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless in the trash .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a breathing or circulation .
It 's always about moving .
And it 's also stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is particularly ironic because I believe it 's hard that waste morality are the most important labor of the city streets , for three reasons .
These are the first producers of public health .
If you get rid of the waste in a efficient way and effective every day , this starts out of its container and its dangers , inherent to us in very real ways .
Disease we had been controlled for decades back and begin to sprout and start <unk> .
The economy needs them .
If we ca n't get rid of the old we do n't have a space for what the engines engines begin to fail when it 's in danger of consumption .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just pointing out your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average speed of everyday .
I mean , I mean , the speed of the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't care about it , no longer than us , and we cleaned up or take our coffee cup , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we <unk> them , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that we would commission .
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about <unk> waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and <unk> in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you go .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a relief .
The flow that keep us safe from ourselves , our own waste , our waste , and that flow has always remained in one form or another .
One day after September 11th , 2001 , I heard a <unk> truck on the street , I grabbed my little son , and I went upstairs , and there was a man doing his journey of recycled paper as I did on Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that particular day , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and simply nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
Let 's be fine . ''
Shortly after that , I started to investigate the collection of waste and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we worked together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
Let 's be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have to account in account every cost , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , they represent three percent of the nation 's waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of your day and their lives , the next to see someone whose job is to clean up the trash of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you , thank you .
My work is focused on connection to thinking about our community life , forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects like this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example , my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to point out .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to employ a lot of energy because the lining of crystals is generates heat inside , so it 's needed a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen , because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the year .
And third , it looks nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a place that is so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , he was really hooked with the old market that is this structure in the open air , where thousands of people , go and buy things every day to little marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge came to survey the site , which is located in a lot of growth in the city , where much of the buildings that we now see in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that do n't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet .
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets , assembling all the entries in the building .
And this goes on with an inclined atrium that creates a space in the open air in the building that will spread , by its own form , the sun and rain .
And around this space , we 've applied the idea of the market to small businesses , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution to respond to local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a <unk> concrete <unk> to allow the air to the air , and also in the light , but in a way that 's filtered .
Then we inspire ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the dresses .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me model the facade .
So we 're building that with these small pieces which are the windows that let go the air and light in a <unk> way inside the building .
And this is <unk> with these little colors of colors that use light from the inside of the building to light the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince the developers because they thought , `` That 's not a commercial center . It 's not what we ask . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was far more profitable than the commercial center , because in order to end up there were more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not just because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was n't necessary to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy power for the building in a city where electricity is short almost every day .
So we got a big advantage by putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which together collect water for the sanitation .
It 's expected for the principles of the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of construction .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project so large , the biggest I have designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , their tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special attention in the <unk> , a <unk> structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve gates of access connected by almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was expand the streets of the existing streets , creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that there is in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the interconnected doors with straight lines , and it shifted the initial model .
And the last operation was to think of the cell , the little cell in the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's a kind of thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So we would take a scheme to make sure that most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that it 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then on the lower plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that make a higher density at higher levels and lower density in the plant low .
And it reinforces this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving the community to the community full of construction .
It 's where all the neighbors , they can go up and socialize , and do activities such as a <unk> race , or just jump from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see the cities growing up .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes the communities and local economies at the same rate that buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , affordable solutions , which improves the relationship between the community and the environment , and that they have as a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was such remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
I had large amounts of hair very bright hair , and a little <unk> of pencils , cute . It was super strong for the capital capitals , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I got my sinister plan .
I became a time after the school exit , I was a bit late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the shoreline was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , I took the book on my master 's book .
And then I did .
<unk> the ratings from my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All the way . And I set up and I 'm going back the book to the drawer . But , to see , some of my other fellows had very good grades as well .
So , in a frenzy , we 've got the notes of the whole world , without any imagination .
I put in all rows of <unk> and myself a line of that , just for being there , because I could ...
It 's still surprising to me that I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came up .
I do n't understand why I felt good .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught me .
It 's that it was all obvious .
I was never discovered .
But most of all , I would tell you the reason why I was bothered by this little little girl , so small , it was so good for me .
I was jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates . Birds tiles are very likely .
We know jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that observed loneliness or the long duration or the sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because the novels are like the lab where jealousy in all of their possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , I would have no literature .
Well , there would be no eyelashes , no `` Odyssey . ''
There would be no king jealous , and `` <unk> and a night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
<unk> the high school lists for high school , because we 'd be missing `` The Noise and <unk> , '' there would be no `` Gatsby '' `` Party . '' We 'll miss `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there 's no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say Proust has the answers for everything , and , in terms of jealousy , almost he has all .
This year , it becomes 100 years of their master 's masterpiece , `` In search of the lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy and also in the ordinary competitiveness of mine , my whole thing we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details of it , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think about a <unk> <unk> in you .
We forgot about how hard that picture is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's books that Virginia <unk> said , they were so hard as cat <unk> .
I do n't know how the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they 're going so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
Is it very obvious that jealousy , which is reduced to the person , their desire , to their liabilities , are a very solid narrative basis ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Now , whenever storytellers and audience , we know exactly what to include , to nail the knife , right ?
jealousy make all of the amateur novelists , and that 's what Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to himself that story , and since then Proust says that every fresh charm that <unk> detects in his lover , he adds him to his collection of instruments of torture in his private camera .
You 've got to admit that he 's having fun and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , the marketing of Proust would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's hard work . Right ?
jealousy are <unk> .
It 's an emotion of hunger . You have to power it .
And how are jealousy ?
jealousy got rid of the information .
jealousy use the details .
jealousy , jealousy like large amounts of bright hair , and the cute little bit of pencils .
jealousy got rid of the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful . Proust links well the language of jealousy .
When <unk> is in his agony of jealousy , he suddenly listen to behind the gates and <unk> her lover ' servants , then defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different to the interpretation of an old text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with true intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy look <unk> , and they make us seem like <unk> , but in its core , they 're search for knowledge , for the truth , a painful truth . In fact , what Proust meets , the more painful the truth .
Pain , humiliation , loss : These are the pathways toward Proust wisdom .
He says , `` One woman whom we need , that makes us suffer , causes us a range of much more profound feelings and vital that a wise man that can be interested in . ''
Are we saying that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy tell us ourselves .
And there 's some other excitement that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other excitement we 've measured our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about this .
One day , Freud was visited by a young man who was being consumed with the idea that his wife would get .
And Freud said that there was a strange thing in that man , who did n't lie in what his wife was doing .
Well she was innocent ; she was innocent . Everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that he was doing his wife , without realizing <unk> behaviors .
Do you get too much ? or is he accidentally <unk> with a man ?
Freud said that the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels are very good at this .
And the novels described very well how jealousy make us look at intensity , but no precision .
In fact , the harder the jealous of fact is , the more we become a fantasy residents .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy take us to make violent acts of violent or illegal acts .
jealousy forced us to behave in ways that are completely remixable .
Now I 'm thinking about myself at eight years , I recognize it , but I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news .
A woman from Michigan 's 52 years was captured by having created a false account on Facebook since I 'd send a <unk> , awful messages to himself , for a year .
For a year . Every year .
She was trying to get my former friend from her former boyfriend . I have to confess that when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because let 's face it .
How huge , even unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like the novel .
Like a <unk> <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character from American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> , '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that are trying to do about how jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be punch .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> is going to be <unk> or wanting what you 've got to take away from your self and you 're going to get away from what you ever ever had , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your name , it 's empty your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't pick up Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you <unk> all over the world as much as I 'd like .
It 's a shame , because we live in terms of envy .
We live in terms of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social networks , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters always do when they 're not sure , when they 're on a mystery .
Let 's go to <unk> Street and ask for Sherlock Holmes .
When people think at Holmes , you think about the <unk> curse at Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always shared [ <unk> ] <unk> ] <unk> , the head of face of <unk> <unk> that needs desperately ; it needs chop genius , but it bothers him .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs its help , but it 's <unk> , and we were talking about bitterness on each other one of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and eventually in `` The <unk> of The Six <unk> , '' once Holmes comes in , <unk> all of his solution , <unk> back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there is no person in <unk> <unk> who would n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the times that we see self-worth transferred in history . It seems to me this very emotional thing . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to deal with jealousy as a geometry of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute Holmes is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute you are on the same side .
All of a sudden , <unk> is allowed to admire that idea of being he <unk> .
Could it be so simple ?
What if jealousy are really a geometry of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get rid of the greatness from the other .
We can engage them with it .
But I like the contingency plans .
So as we hope that that happens , we remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only the fiction of jealousy .
fiction alone , I invite them to the table .
And look at what puts it , the sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the crazy <unk> , the happy Marcel Proust .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo ' module .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization in history of peace in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave work about 400,000 people and asked about 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
They died people , including the Apollo crew .
But before the Apollo <unk> program , 24 men went to the moon .
<unk> walked over his surface , which he drove after Armstrong 's death last year , is the oldest man .
So why were they ?
They did n't bring a lot of a turn : <unk> kilos of old rocks , and something that the 24 <unk> later , a new sense of the smallest and fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 , they give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why did the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why do we scale up the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why fly on the Atlantic ?
Why is Rice against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West over the east in the Cold War .
At the time , the strongest emotion was to wonder about the transcendence of technology .
It was because it was great power to do it .
The landing on the Moon happened in a context of a long list of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In half of the century , they had <unk> polio and eliminated smallpox .
The technology seemed to have a difference that Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the story of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a candle boat , but in 1969 , the Apollo crew flew for 40,000 miles .
Since 1970 , no human being has gone back to the Moon .
No one has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10 , and the optimism so much of the power of technology has evaporated to the way that we imagine that technology would solve as to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feed the global population seem to be a intractable result .
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 shot .
I was five years old , and my mother told me to not look at the <unk> tube of exhaust .
Now , I knew , <unk> that this would be the last mission , but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard that during the last two days here , at TED .
It looks like technologists had become enriched , and they were enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
It 's expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't address the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's an assisted explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that they 've created some less ambitious companies that are <unk> from the years when Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprits , specifically , the incentives that venture capitalists offer to entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of ideas to be changed by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
<unk> mostly what goes wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their peak , not worrying about risk , small investments , small investment , small investment that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had trouble investing with benefit from technologies like energy , which need a huge capital , and whose development is in the long term . They have never invested in the development of technologies trying to solve big problems because they do n't have a real commercial value .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes , we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would take a political decision that was popular , and that 's never going to happen .
We 're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks that there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of the energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is fully economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want power sources that can compete in price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policies and international treaties will develop the development of an alternative energy : mostly a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control of the price of coal .
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we 're going to see a U.S. energy policy , or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that looked like technological , turn out not to be .
We know from time that famines are a result of failure in the deal of food .
But 30 years of research have been taught that famines are policies that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops , or systems for storage and <unk> , but there will be famines while there were bad governments .
And finally , the big problems sometimes make a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971 , but we soon discovered that there are many kinds of cancer , some terribly resilient to treatment , and only over the last 10 years , they seem to have found effective and viable treatments .
The hard problems are difficult .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we owe it , but these four elements have to be present : political leaders and population must want to solve the problem ; institutions must be able to support the solution ; it should really understand that .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , does with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We are not in 1961 .
There 's no <unk> competition like the Cold War , there 's no politician as John Kennedy that 's going to be difficult and dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , going to the moon turned out to be simple .
It was just three days .
And really , I was n't even dealing with any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get .
God knows that the challenges are missing .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to begin with the ideas that are pervasive that you have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become <unk> of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a great decrease of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third is a task : we should recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task are poorly interpreted .
What I 'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives you a clearest idea about the subject .
The claim : Why do people think that trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I bow to think that there may be decreased in some activities or institutions , and that it might have risen on others .
I 'm not sure .
But I can turn to surveys surveys , and surveys of opinion are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased .
When you look at surveys over time , there 's no many evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were killed 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , still inspired the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago remain quite reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway down .
But is this evidence ?
What African opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can we record ?
What you 're looking at is generic attitudes that people like this when they ask certain questions .
Trust politicians ? Trust the teachers ?
Now , if somebody asked you , `` Are you going to get in the <unk> ? ''
Did you go through the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary school ? ''
We probably would ask for asking , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you might say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some of them , but in others . ''
Which is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to place the confidence <unk> .
We do n't assume that the level of trust that we 're going to feel for a certain type of official , a official or a guy , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , I say I trust a certain master master I know to give the lecture class , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend 's most talkative to maintain a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is <unk> , why do we leave the whole knowledge of the knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract form ?
I think that surveys are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust , because they try to embody the good acute judgment in fact to trust something or somebody .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid target .
It 's not the goal that I was doing .
I would get more confidence in what 's trusted of trust , but not what it is n't .
Ultimately , I 'm dependent on not trusting what 's not reliable .
And I think that those people who were saving their savings with quite rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more trust is not an intelligent target in this life .
She buys or intelligence with intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yeah , OK , that means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about is to do a judgment of how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think that in order to do a judgment , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are you honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent in the commodities , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of confidence .
But if , in contrast , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I 've got friends who are competent and honest , but they do n't fit in them to get a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that they can do certain things , but I see that we 're going to hold your own skills .
And I 'm glad to say that I do n't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely <unk> .
If this is , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness , before trust .
The trust is the answer .
<unk> is what we have to judge .
And , of course , it 's hard .
In the last decades , we 've tried to build accountability systems for all sorts of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that made us easier to judge their reliability .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you see , the problem is it takes more time to do the administrative paperwork that I will attend to . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public and institutional life , that the system of accountability that is destined to ensure the trustworthiness and the evidence of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is they work the work of the people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , you need to make the boxes , '' as we say .
You must all know similar examples .
All of that , for the goal .
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if we were trying to be worthy of trust and <unk> the people that we are reliable and if we tried to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's trial , simple actions , attitudes , what does n't do properly .
Third , the task .
It puts the task to rebuild the confidence , puts things backwards .
It suggests that you and I should have rebuild the confidence .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , it 's distinctive , because they give us people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You have to give them enough for them to trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to give you evidence that you are worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's done every day , everywhere , it makes the ordinary people , officials , institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks says I can return them without giving explanations .
I take them and get the money back , or they change them by the color of the color I want .
That 's great . I trust them because they become vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson on that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good proof of trust you 're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So , in the end , I think that what we 're looking at is not very hard to tell .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that frame , they can determine when and how someone else is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the early days of computers , we 've come together to reduce the separation between us and digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen that the imagination can be achieved .
This separation has been shrinking , increasingly and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of the tactile screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to all .
But I wonder , and if there were n't barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be .
First of all , I created this tool that goes into digital space , so when the <unk> <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels .
Designers can contain their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen .
So with this tool , they break the barriers .
But the two hands remain still out of the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands ?
In the National Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor , <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work .
And so I put up a transparent bombsight with cameras deep to detect the fingers and the face , now you can pick up the hands of the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and catching pixels directly with your hands .
Like the windows and archives have a location in real space , <unk> is as easy as catching a book on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and then highlight lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that is below every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with your hands .
In these examples , we 're typing in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and we make digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and returned to the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
What I have here is a virtual <unk> by the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device up in your head or clear when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of seeing pixels in space , how can we make them physical , so we can touch them and feel them ?
How would it be a future like this ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my <unk> Post , we created this single physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving like a three-dimensional pixel in space , which means that the computer is that the computer can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was to ring gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical <unk> and detectors .
And as we program digitally the object , we released it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can be able to adapt and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and distance and famous shot of Michael Jordan , you can reproduce as a physical reality , the times we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , physics , and unlike monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you see , digital data is not just going to show us something but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without us that we have to take ourselves from our world .
We started the talk today talking about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was thrilled to become a female during two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to take a school for athletes with all expenses costs .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they really believed that there was just a accurate way toward happiness -- a safe and paid job .
No matter if I 'd like it or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to begin with <unk> from very young to learn <unk> , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of school and the host of a radio show .
But no adult would give you the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive , but they were kids , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much higher to train .
My dream will never come to work .
I was afraid , that during the rest of my life , a second class happiness was the only thing I might aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to find another calling .
No one around me wanted me to teach me ? OK .
They went to books .
[ `` Works <unk> '' from <unk> ] [ `` ] <unk> de History '' ] So I came to America in 1995 , and what were the first books that I read here ?
The ones who were banned in China , of course .
`` Good Earth '' is about Chinese <unk> .
And it 's not a convenient propaganda .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a topic for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation : `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to go out of this <unk> trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I meet the meeting with a new culture led to my comparative habit .
We 've got a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning this map seemed to be out of place , because this is what students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
The comparative reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are to field fields like comparative religion and comparative literature .
Comparing and contrast , offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to investigate , why do n't we do it also in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
It can be about people , `` Benjamin Franklin , '' from Walter <unk> ] [ `` John Adams , '' that were involved in one event , or friends with shared experiences .
For Christ , temptation are economic , politics and spiritual .
To the Buddha , they 're all psychological , lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Road to Professor Tzu . ''
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` quick joy . '' Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . '' Performed .
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know that I 'm not going to feel myself alone or powerless .
Having a badge dream is n't really anything compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Even a war-torn dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of books , that I 'm here today , happy , living again with purpose and clearly most of the time .
So the books always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a PhD student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman named Alex .
Alex entered the first session using jeans and a <unk> <unk> , threw up on the couch of my office took off the shoes and told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My class roommate had a <unk> .
And I got a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could drive it .
But I did n't .
With the stories that Alex brought to sessions , it made me easy to just move my head while we 're going to make the solution .
`` The 1930s are the new 20 , '' he said Alex , and what I saw , she was right .
You start to work later , you get home afterwards , you have kids later , to death afterwards .
For <unk> , as Alex and I had time time .
But shortly afterwards , my supervisor pushed me to push it to talk about his loving life .
I was resistant .
I said , `` Sure , it 's coming out with guys under his category , he 's lying with a <unk> , but it 's not like it was going to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` No , but maybe they get married with the next .
Also , the best time to work in the marriage of Alex is before you marry . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s is not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what used to be used , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex to be a unfolding in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex at the perfect time , and we were wasting it .
So I realized , this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem , and he had real consequences , not just for Alex and his loving life , but for racing , the families and the future of <unk> everywhere .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
That means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent , if you think that nobody comes to adulthood and not going through the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If they work with <unk> , they love a <unk> , you take your dream off a <unk> , I want to see . It 's okay . Okay . Amazing , the <unk> matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will spend 35 years old .
This means that eight of all 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha , '' which gives you their life to have happened to when you have 30 and so many .
People from over 40 , do n't panic .
This audience is going to be fine . I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money you gain .
We know that more than half of Americans are married , they live , or they 're coming out with their future couple at 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in their <unk> , and it 's <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change themselves , now it 's time to change it .
We know that the personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any other time in life , and we know that the female fertility comes to their top to the 28 , and things become complicated at 35 .
<unk> are the time to educate him and their choices .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which your daily everyday life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what the <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call them a extended adolescence .
journalists would tell the <unk> names , like `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality what is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to get great things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give you <unk> on your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and ambition and nothing happens to be absolutely nothing .
And then every day , smart , smart , interesting ones like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this : `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that as I start a career before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this : `` My <unk> are by <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better interview the day I graduated from college . ''
And then he starts going to sound like this : `` My dating during the <unk> were like the lawn of chairs .
They were all running and <unk> , but then at some point about 30 , the music went off and all started to sit down .
I did n't want to be the only thing to stand standing , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a bit extreme , but no mistake , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge amount of pressure at 30s , and so many of you start a career , choose a city , pick a partner , and have two or three children in a long time period .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's research that you start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do all of the '30s .
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sporting cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career that you want now .
You realize that you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> see themselves , and I sat in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At the 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but I could n't even decide , so I spent the last few years working as a waitress .
As it was cheaper , I was living with a boyfriend that showed more ambition than ambition .
And despite living some very difficult <unk> , his previous life was even harder .
It 's often often in our sessions , but then he would wake up and say , `` You do n't pick your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every time .
I had just bought a new book pad to cover , and I had spent the whole morning with his many contacts , but then he stayed looking at the empty space that goes on after the words , `` In case of emergency , please call ... ''
I was at about hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be to me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if I get cancer ? ''
At that time , it took me hard to resist and not say , `` Me . ''
What Emma needed was not a little bit worried about it .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma was in front .
So , over the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that all <unk> , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I told Emma that I would forget about that identity of identity and <unk> capital .
For identity capital , I mean to do something that add value to your person .
Doing something that 's an investment in what you want to be later .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital creates identity capital .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , of that boarding , of that company that you want to test .
I 'm not going through <unk> exploration , I 'm tracking the exploration that I should n't tell , which , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma who wanted to explore jobs and made them count .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you to the airport , but the <unk> who come together with friends with similar minds are limited to who you know , what you know , how they think , how they talk , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out of it almost always comes out of outside of its closest circle .
The new things come from what they call <unk> friends of their friends .
Yes , half of the <unk> have a bad job or they do n't have any work .
But the other half does n't , and the weak ties , are the way we bring to this group .
Half of the jobs never created , then , knowing the head of your neighbor is the way you get a job that was not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information happens .
Finally , not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know his friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but as she was growing , Emma soon appealed to his family when he has a partner and form his own family .
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is best to sit down than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But choice to the person you live in now or <unk> now when everyone on Facebook start walking towards the altar is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that involves being as intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or killing time with whoever you choose to choose to you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that phone phone , and she found the roommate in a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak bond helped him get a job there .
That offer gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with her living .
Now , five years later , it 's special set of events in museums .
This married man who chose consciously .
She loves his new career , she loves his new family , and I send a letter to him that said , `` Now , the emergency contact spaces are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love to work with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes from the Los Angeles airport , which come out somewhere in the West .
Right before we take out , a light fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at the age of 21 , and even the 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generation .
Here 's my idea worth spreading all the <unk> that you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
That 's what I 've got the privilege of saying to <unk> as Emma every day : The <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> her adulthood , get your identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
Do n't even define what they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're deciding what their lives are today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very demanding job consulting on a job that was even more demanding : the faculty .
I was going to teach you math at seventh grade students in New York City .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and testing .
I gave them a job .
When I went back , I 'll take grades .
And what struck me was that I.Q . was n't the only difference between my best and worst students .
Some of the people who had better performance did n't have scores of I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest kids were n't going so well .
And that made me think .
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , they 're certainly difficult : proportions , <unk> , the area of a <unk> .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time enough .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a psychological perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how to measure better .
It 's the <unk> , but what if we succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a rapid and easy way ?
So I left the classrooms and went to university to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the so-called Point muscle West .
And we tried to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who they were doing .
We went to the National Yo-Yo Contest , and we tried to predict what kids are as far as possible in competition .
We studied professors amateurs working in really difficult neighborhoods , <unk> what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and of those who will be the most effective in improving the learning of their students ?
We teamed up with private companies , asking , what about these marketers are going to keep their jobs ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , a feature emerged as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , physical health and not I.Q .
It was determination .
determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term goals .
determination is to have resistance .
The determination is embracing your future , day after day , not just a week , not only for a month , but for years and working really hard to make that future one reality .
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a race at all .
A few years ago , I started studying purpose in Chicago public schools .
I asked thousands of high school students who were doing my questionnaires of determination and then waited about over a year to see those who were going on .
It turns out that the kids with more determination had significantly more likely to graduate , even when I paired them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of the standardized tests , even the security that children felt when they were in school .
So it 's not just in West Point or the <unk> National Contest , which matters , is also in school , especially for kids at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know , how little science knows about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we develop purpose in children ?
What should I do to teach kids a robust job ethic ?
How do I keep them for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is , I do n't know what I know is that talent does n't give them purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who are simply not following their commitments .
In fact , in our data , determination is commonly not related , or it 's even related to the talent measurements .
And so far , the best idea I 've heard about developing purpose in children is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and it grows in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to treat them when they fail , because they do n't think that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I finish my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front .
We need to take our best ideas , our stronger intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , to be wrong , to start all over again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our kids more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan as a daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that time , I was amazed by this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can tear this wall down , so that whoever is that they want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new method and quickly learning Chinese might be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw every strokes in every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20 thousand characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read transit signs , restaurants from restaurants , to understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers .
Today , I started with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
Open your mouth as much as it 's possible until it 's square .
You get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the fire form is a person with arms on both sides , as if I was screaming anyway , `` Help me ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol of reality is originally known the form of flame , but I like to believe it 's the other way .
This is a tree .
tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The door of the door looks like a couple of doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call it radical , these eight characters .
These are building blocks for many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the ancient said , two are company , three are crowd .
If a person stretch your arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is trapped .
It 's a prisoner , like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a chart under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an idiot . Easy to remember , because a <unk> <unk> is quite an idiot .
Do you remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , thriving .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon .
One door . Put a chart inside the door , it 's the <unk> of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , was there anybody at home ?
This person is coming out of a door , winning , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful is adultery .
So we 've gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical transformations will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , you 'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters , which is the same thing that you learn a Chinese eight years .
So after knowing the characters , we started to create sentences .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun next to us , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left is two mountains stacked over the other .
In ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become coming out .
A mouth that tells you where to come out is an exit .
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be my dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my kids , and when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered his imagination for months .
Her favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to wear a bright dress and take a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live , and we raised our children in a kind of an industrial complex <unk> .
Yet the magician of Oz was an event on itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend actually took up 40 years later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a metal guy and a <unk> guy , who was <unk> <unk> as the enemy guard of the enemy .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two films , there are a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are rather aggressive , like the apple .
But I think that if the magician of Oz will be done today , the magician would say : Dorothy , you 're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy thing predicted .
You do magical shoes to defeat the armies made by evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing about the magician of Oz is that the most heroic , wise characters , even coherent ones are women .
I began to notice this when I did `` Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , he also had a son .
Within three years .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of oversight had gone down , so slid in the room , and he was struck by a mom , and he was shocked as a mom , with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but he 's <unk> .
I wonder how it felt .
Would you be value issues , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would you have the sense that Luke is one of the military to overthrowing the government ?
So let 's contrast this with Uncle Oz 's magician .
How do Dorothy his movie ?
And by doing good issues with all and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up to grow Oz , OK , and not a world of men who struggle , which is where we are .
Why is there so much <unk> , F , force in the movies for our children , and so little out of the yellow bricks .
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence movies , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know for experience that the <unk> princess does n't give me the right framework that I would have served to navigate the world of adults who are mixed . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really hoped that the credits were going to appear because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is done , I have girlfriend .
Why are you standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies focus on defeat a villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like being a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a suit of warrior .
There are lots of exceptions , and defend the Disney princess 's princess .
But they send a message to the kids , although they , the kids , are not really their target audience .
They do great work when I teach girls how to defend girls how to defend them against the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and charming like <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being war movies .
Of course , the most successful theme of all time is continuing to appear in classic after classic , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who breed a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's available in shops .
Do you remember the criticism when he came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let it stop !
Well , almost none of these films is the proof of <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It has not yet roots and it 's spread , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , he recorded a conversation I had with a friend of the evaluation of the movies they saw .
And it 's very simple . There are only three questions that you need to do : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else as a kid that you like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women that exist and talk about things each other .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I rarely see it in the movie that we know and love .
In fact , this week I went to see a very good quality movie , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar 's success , a consensus idea of what is a Hollywood Hollywood movie .
Pretty much , it does n't happen the <unk> test .
And I do n't think I should , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen it , much of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women are hiding during the hostage crisis .
We have many scenes from men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide-and-seek , and that 's the great moment for one of the actresses , and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's get into the numbers .
In 2011 , of the 100 most popular movies , how many of them think they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage than the number of women we have chosen for Congress , then it 's okay .
But there 's a bigger number that 's going to be disappointed in this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's sexually assaulted once in their life .
I do n't think it 's the mass of mass entertainment .
I do n't think that movies for children have something to do with that .
I also do n't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something goes wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things that I think is that there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are those guys learning ?
What do n't they get to learn ?
Are you telling the story that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who does n't have friends and talk ?
Are we having that story ?
You know , like a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic , and we want to figure it out .
We have tools at our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that that will help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to protect them if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our kids to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean mainly the parents .
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of <unk> .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the part of the home and the <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was her favorite favorite character from Star Wars , you know what he responded ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those films that you know more than anybody , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to get them to achieve their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want fewer stories in which I tell my son : Go go and struggle only and more stories where he looked at work is to join a team , maybe a team led to women , helping other people to improve and be better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine , and one of the things I liked was to look for the sea cookies on the coast of Maine because my parents told me that that would be lucky me .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
It 's covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
But over time , I got used to pick them up .
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in love by past and archaeology .
And finally when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I can see with my own eyes was not enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of nearly 1,300 miles of length along the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew that I had to see otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see using infrared .
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in the naked eye , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using false color , suddenly the place looks like pink pink .
What you 're seeing is the real chemical changes in the landscape caused by building materials and activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an ancient <unk> city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the U.S. capital Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place lies in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that <unk> was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built , indicated in the red circles here , but somewhere in this huge plain plain of data .
This area is enormous , it 's about six miles per mile .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> , and as it changed over time , he moved to this and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a city across a large landscape ?
And I 'll try to find that chance to be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , with the blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we used NASA surveys to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile was going .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here , that we think it might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborate with Egyptians scientists doing sampling jobs ; you can see it here .
When I 'm sampling , it 's like the shots of shows in ice , but instead of layer of climate change , we 're looking for layers of human occupation .
Five meters below , underneath a thick layer of slime , we found a dense layer of pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five feet down , we have a layer of occupation from several hundreds of years that date from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period we think is <unk> .
We also found jobs of <unk> ; <unk> , quartz and cat , which shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like it 's not much , but when we think about the most common rocks used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still do n't find any <unk> here , but we will be back in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in using satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , it 's probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
Sharing is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So as it seems , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> .
Do the ideas were actually started in 1984 B.C in a lost city not for long and found from high .
It certainly puts shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , front of the door of <unk> house .
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that 's made .
Now , we 'd run a group of obese <unk> in bicycles .
They 're competing in a bicycle bike race , and they go in direction to your front door .
I need you to look at this .
They 're <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're jumping a lot .
And they collide against the door of their house .
There are bikes flying around , wheels that pass on the side , glasses of the wheels that end up in <unk> places .
The hallway , in the hallway , or what there 's the other side of the door , and watch the quality of the light , light 's shining on the <unk> of <unk> .
It 's waving with your hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur on the nose .
You can smell the oats and you have to go into your mouth .
<unk> on the side and enter your living room .
You know , in the room , and I 'm making maximum use of your imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on his center table , singing `` <unk> One '' was Time .
Now humor me .
The ground has been covered with a road of yellow bricks and from the oven come to you Dorothy , the <unk> man , the <unk> and the Len of Oz , <unk> from the hands , jumping up to you .
Okay . You open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> <unk> from the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this was like the end of a wise <unk> .
There were several men and a few different ages , and different ages of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
I mean , the names of dozens and dozens of strangers .
<unk> poems in just minutes .
You could see , you could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I was thinking , `` This is amazing . ''
These people must be phenomena in nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , Ed , when you realized that you were a wise ?
Ed replied : `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have a average memory .
Everybody who participated in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We have trained to do these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques , invented 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that used <unk> to memorize their speeches , and that medieval scholars use to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I have heard of this before ? ''
And we were standing outside the classroom , Ed , who 's a wonderful , brilliant English scientist , although a little bit of a bit of a bit , said , `` Josh , you are an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to show you to Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a street cards live on national television .
That 's going to try that to the world that anybody can do . ''
And I said , `` Well I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
Or do you have to start by something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
I ended up most of the next year not only training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work , and what it can be their potential .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man named <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to have the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that he did n't even remember that he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Someone 's incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see how our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He 's based on Dustin Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We went in a afternoon , in the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was actually being published .
And when I went back , I read a lot of treaties on writing memory does something over 2,000 years ago in Latin , in <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained , disciplined and cultivated memory was not such a rare thing as you might like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , in order to provide their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
They 've changed us culturally , and I would say that they 've changed us also cognitively .
As we already have no need to remember , sometimes it seems to us that we 've forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory , and cultured , is this particular thing of memory .
It 's not really that singular ; there 's skills like this all around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from London University invited a group from memory champions , to the lab .
They wanted to know : Does it have brains in some way , structural or <unk> different from the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they more intelligent than the rest ?
They gave them a memory of cognitive test , and the answer was actually not .
There was a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of the memory champions and the subjects of control subjects with them .
When they put them on an MRI MRI machine , and you put their brains while we 've got numbers and faces and forms of snowflakes . They found that in the memory champions , <unk> parts of the brain , different to others .
They actually used them , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial and navigation memory .
Why ? Is there something we can learn from this ?
The tournament of competitive memorization is driven as a armed career where each year comes to someone with a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors must get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there are 36 o'clock in cards that he 's about trying to memorize an hour , using a technique that he invented and that it 's just mastered it 's mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise binary hour .
Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways of remembering things in these skills , absolutely all the techniques used to be reduced to a single concept that psychologists call `` coding <unk> . ''
It illustrates with a elegant paradox known as the `` <unk> . ''
That 's his name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember there 's a `` <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask them , `` Remember that word I told you a while ago ? ''
`` Do you remember what was ? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who told you that their job is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity to remember , that 's weird .
What 's going on here ?
Well , the name Baker , it does n't really mean anything for you .
With all the other memories that dance for their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know <unk> .
They use these white hats .
They have flour .
Let 's get back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when you put that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> at some point later .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this back two years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the `` <unk> . ''
The story goes like this : There was a poet called <unk> who went to a potluck .
They had hired it as entertainment , because before , if I wanted to give a very good party , you did n't bring a little DJ , I hired a poet .
He stood up , he <unk> her poem from memory and left , and so soon it was , the classroom of the potluck collapsed .
I killing everyone .
But not only killed them all , but shattered the bodies left unrecognizable .
No one could say who was there , no one could remember where they were sitting .
So you could n't <unk> the bodies .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only one survivor , in the midst of rubble , closed his eyes and realized that with his eyes of his mind , I could see where I had been sitting every guest .
I took the family 's relatives , where their loved ones were in between the rubble .
What <unk> picked up at that moment is something that we all know most or less intuitively , and that is that no matter if we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions word word for our colleagues , we have visual memory and remarkable space .
If you were telling me that I was telling you the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to get them very hard to do it .
But I would bet that if you tell you to say who I was sitting on the <unk> horse in your lobby , you would be able to <unk> .
The idea of the palace is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and images of images with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , funny , funny , funny , funny , funny , funny , <unk> and <unk> .
This is a advice that comes from more than 2,000 years ago , the first memory treaties , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to do it from memory , in the same way that I would have done it if you had been invited to <unk> , 2,000 years ago .
What you could do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some kind of ridiculous , crazy , unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing they want to mention is that competition completely <unk> .
And then you can imagine coming into your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> set up by Sir Ed .
And that tells you that you want to introduce Ed Cook 's friend .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that they want to count .
And then they fly in the kitchen , and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for one year , and they have some friends to help you remember it .
This is how the Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which is going to be confused , but typical by typical .
The term `` typical '' is from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a remnant of when people thought about speaking , and in the rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase `` First '' would be like the first place in his memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got into that .
I went to some of these skills of memory , and I had the idea of writing something long about this foraging subculture subculture .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is an incredibly boring event .
So seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on taking tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that 's happening is when someone would get off the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to write about something .
I know there 's incredible things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in his place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit at the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook , bought into a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was fun .
I would never have hoped that it was .
It was fun , because it was n't just trying to train memory .
What 's actually trying to do is to improve increasingly the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , preposterous and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was hooked on this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some security glasses covered with tape , leaving only two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the same competition that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter , in a kind of a participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could serve for me for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , something that I did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's cute to be able to memorize speeches , and the phone numbers , and the shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they 're based on very basic principles of how the brain works .
And it does n't need to be put to build resistance or <unk> or <unk> , to benefit from cards , to benefit from how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories get educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
<unk> when we focus deeply .
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , we 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
It 's sort of a deep processing of processing , a kind of complete attention that most of them are n't going to go out there .
But the reality is , there 's no shortcuts .
That 's how things are made .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , that 's what <unk> , the <unk> I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what it is already our short existence on the Blackberries or iPhone , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks on our side . We 're going to be so <unk> that we would n't even bother to process deep ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person that reminds you of remember .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk about the last 30 years of architecture history .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex topic , so it would be just a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm mostly Jersey , and I was six and I lived there in my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my bedroom 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was in the bathroom , I shared with my sister .
And , between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And that 's where they were looking at the telly . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everybody saw me , and every time I went back and I went back in a towel , everybody saw me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure and I hated it .
I would take that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Ready .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , or zones of areas , but of those emotional connections , emotional and emotional connections that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's not surprising that we feel that way , because according to Environmental Protection Agency , American Protection Agency spend 90 percent of their time .
I mean , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
Architecture will determine us in ways that we do n't even realize .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it does : you think about `` power , '' `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that they 're thinking about this to be based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's an predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the U.S. 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable , solid <unk> , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's costly , it takes a long time and it 's very complicated .
The people they build , the <unk> and governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways that they know they 're going to work .
So we found out buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , who leave <unk> what 's going to communicate with this building : the kids , the values values , the story .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library of today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , he 's got another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet and read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; the architects that constantly drive new technologies , new institutions , new solutions for the forms of life today .
We 're going to go and push them and push them so much , that we get away from people .
All of black , this is depressing to us . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead because we have no choice .
We have to go to the other side and go back to connect with those symbols , appreciated .
So we do that , and we 're all happy , but we feel like <unk> , so we started experimenting again ; we 're going to swing the pendulum back to go ahead and over and over again . So we 've done it over the last 300 years , and of course , in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago we came out of the '70s .
The architects were busy experimenting with called `` <unk> . ''
It has to do with concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , on a dehumanizing scale .
Something really hard .
So we get to the 1980s , and we started bringing those symbols together .
I put the pendulum back again in the other direction .
We take those shapes that we like and the <unk> .
We added neon and we use cake and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took clues to <unk> and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be the medieval tinfoil of glass .
The shapes were <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
<unk> grew up to the size of buildings .
Crazy .
But it was the 1980s , that was great .
We all spend the time centers , we moved to neighborhoods , and there in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean , the French , or Italian .
And perhaps with an infinite <unk> of bread .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects are frustrated , and we started to swing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the '80s and the early 1990s , we started experimenting with called <unk> .
You know , the historical symbols -- now we have new <unk> design techniques , and we find new compositions -- a few ways that would fit against other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's super <unk> ; you 're totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then , something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , from Frank Gehry .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical , academics and public in general , were completely according to a building .
The New York Times <unk> this silver construction newspaper .
The tourism tourism in Bilbao took a half two percent when they finished the building .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings -- Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these forms , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media is around them and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction to these shapes .
They did the greatest mayors in the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon is at the beginning of the new millennium country with other stars .
He went to Kilimanjaro and Libeskind , and what happened with these little elite architects at the threshold of the new millennium , actually began to spend with all the architecture . The digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think of , for example , how do we use architecture .
A thousand years ago , you would have to have walked to the next village to see a building .
transportation is speeding up : you can take a ship , an airplane , can be tourists .
Technology speeds up . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and in the end , we 're all photographers in architecture , and the building is getting beyond its physical location .
Architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It 's not quite accurate to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 more buildings , before knowing if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we find buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a two-year movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> are .
That 's never going to happen to happen . I think , because we 're at the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to media , it starts to swing faster and faster , until you 're in both extremes at all , and it is effectively <unk> the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can make symbols almost instantaneous , with emotional charge , something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> in Fire Island in New York City .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building was finished , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly like the whole product , there was no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people began to arrive and they shared it in social media , the building stopped being just a building , it became a means of communication , because these are not just images of a building , these are the images that you made of the building .
And as you use them to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes you <unk> with collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they 've changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building is built today , first we move to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
We were bombarded with examples of experimentation , innovation , what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
You know , I think you can take the mayor of <unk> , to people in Pakistan , and tell them that there is no single answer to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment .
It 's all different now .
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use words and complicated drawings , and you 're no longer a hapless audience who does n't accept something that I have n't seen before .
Architects can listen , and you do n't leave the architecture of architecture .
That means the pendulum <unk> from one style to another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different to the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not bad of a bad <unk> of red brick with ideas of what 's supposed to be .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce .
That means that the buildings will be transferred to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage park in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve for sports or for yoga , or you can even get married there at night .
This means that three architects can dream on the East River in New York City , and to raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause , it 's no longer a customer alone .
It means that any building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , so <unk> and <unk> like the animals that are going to look at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects already know how to make buildings more ecological , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
The buildings not only reflect our society , but they shape the smallest spaces : local libraries , the homes where we formed our kids , and the bathroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and she started walking .
And it makes it great , typical of the kids in a year , <unk> , as if your body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally beautiful .
And one of the things that we like to do is look at it in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
He laughs and <unk> , and it gives itself these big and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this and my mom realize I used to do it , and he made me think : When stopped doing this ?
How do we suddenly be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google : `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and she lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , it just wants to be loved and to fit in .
It 's Sunday at night .
You 're preparing for next week at school .
It 's a little bit of fear , it 's a little confused , because , even though her mom tells him all the time he 's beautiful , every day in school , somebody says it 's ugly .
Among what her mom says , and what his friends or friends of school tell you , he does n't know who to believe .
So a video of her herself , he publishes it on YouTube , and he asks others to please leave a comment : `` I 'm nice or ugly ? ''
Well , so far , <unk> has received more than 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so disgusting , which is not even worth thinking about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal , current teenager , who receives these responses into one of the stages of his most emotionally living .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate in this way .
But what is it driving to do this ?
Well , the teenagers of today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure to be online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving me , `` I like , '' by mentioning , sharing , publishing , this never ends .
We 've never been so connected , in a continuous way , instant , so young .
As a mother , he said , `` It 's like a party in your quarter every night . ''
There 's simply no privacy .
And the social pressures that they 're going from the hand are cold .
This is the environment , of being always connected , is <unk> our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I like , '' they have and the kinds of comments they get .
There is no divide between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what 's real or what is not .
And also , it 's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what it is manipulated digitally .
What 's the most prominent thing in the life of someone in front of someone in front of a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of pictures that are covers from girls ' news .
<unk> <unk> are still dominating our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> .
For those of you who <unk> it , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people are comparing .
But boys are not immune to this .
Like the superheroes of the superheroes , and the <unk> singers .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , we probably want our children to grow healthy and they 're very good individuals .
But in a culture of obsessed culture , we are teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other ways they begin to suffer .
Six out of 10 girls would n't do something because they think they 're not pretty good enough .
These are not trivial activities .
These are fundamental activities for its growth as human beings and how to taxpayers and the field of working development .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments , to participate in the classroom arguments because they do n't want to call attention by their physical appearance .
One of five are not attending classes at all in the days when they 're not comfortable about it .
And in the test season , if you do n't think you get good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a note less note to the average of your peers who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon is widespread in Finland , United States and China .
And it goes regardless of what these young people actually weigh .
So , to be very clear , we 're talking about how you see you , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem on your body is disrupting academic achievement .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenagers with little self-esteem made less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , participate in healthier diets that they can bring them to a food mess .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily disturbed by people around them and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we think that 's why they make more risky decisions , like alcohol consumption and drug consumption , spectacular surgery , aesthetic surgery , sexual relationships to ages early and without protection and harm .
The search for the perfect body is pushing the health care system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling .
Women who think they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have no biggest rates of <unk> .
17 percent of women are not present to a job interview in a day where they do n't feel secure in the way you see .
Think for a moment when we 're doing our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that opportunity be ?
It 's going to take this potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , alone , it does n't take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key shapes . The first is that we have to instill trust in your own body .
We need to help our teens to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-meaning programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So we have to make sure that the program that follow our children will not only have a positive impact , but also a durable impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six aspects are crucial to anybody willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works .
A education is fundamental , but faced this problem requires each of us to take the driver 's seat in the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives .
I challenging the current status of how women are seen , and I mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell you with the contribution of our politicians to hair , or the size of his breasts , or by assuming that the determination or the success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging the people who are , not as you see .
All of us can start doing it by assuming responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you , when was the last time you would get a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , for our children to grow to valuing their entire person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people that are actually making the difference on a pedestal .
So let 's make a difference in the real world , let 's make them come out on the big screen because we just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think you 're going to see them will never be the <unk> of being those who are , or to reach what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who are in mind ?
Your wife ?
Her sister ?
Your daughter ?
Your niece ? A friend ?
It could be simply the woman who is at two seats away . What would it mean for her if he was released from that voice , <unk> in her inside , who haunts me for not having long legs , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , foot smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her , if we were doing this , and we would tell their potential in that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with images are holding back to everyone .
But let 's give our kids the truth .
You know , I think the way you 're looking at is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do , and because of how they make us feel .
They <unk> self-esteem in our schools .
So let 's change each of us , the way we talk about and we compare to other people .
And to work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year of age today , they become agents of change themselves tomorrow .
So let 's do it .
On November five , 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi known <unk> , the leader of the Defense Department of Defense <unk> .
And initially I was initially innocent as innocent , but being prisoner by other minor charges , in the company of others , started planning attacks on about 12 <unk> New York , including tunnels , synagogues and the United Nations headquarters .
And luckily , those plans were taken by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb from 1993 in the World Trade Center in the World Trade Center .
He would be convicted of his participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being himself an Egyptian engineer , with a <unk> American mother , elementary school , among the two made all possible for giving me happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims , come to know .
So I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to reach the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in all human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who are going to become so <unk> to their convictions that you think that we have to use all the possible media so that everyone lived as them .
A few months before arrest him sat up with me and explained that in the last weekend , he and some friends , they 'd been going on to training on Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We arrived at the <unk> <unk> , which , without knowing our group , was being performed by the FBI .
When I played my father , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder and explained how to aim for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that shot I gave him the little orange light on the goal and , for surprise , especially mine , all the target burning in fire .
My uncle went back to the other and in Arabic , he said , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
My father , as a child .
Now , the comment was a lot of laughter , but just a few years later , I understood what they were so funny .
You see it , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be condemned to put them up to put them with 700 kilos of explosives in the subway parking lot in the subway parking lot of the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to .
When I turned 19 , I had moved on 20 times . That instability in my childhood was not allowed to do many friendships .
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone at the time of pack and go to another city .
As I was always the new face of the class I often was a victim of <unk> .
<unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but being the new of the class , silent and <unk> , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time , I spent in reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons I did n't have social skills , to put it very gently . By growing under <unk> , I was n't ready for the real world .
I was raised by being raised by judging people , with arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open the eyes ?
One of the first experiences that put in my thinking , my way to think , was during the 2000 presidential elections .
In a <unk> program where I participated in the <unk> National Convention , in Philadelphia .
Now , my group went into the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost my entire life , was something that I felt so much passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids who we 'd done friendship , was Jewish .
It took several days out of the light , and I realized that there was no <unk> between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I was very proud to have been able to overcome the barrier that my whole life had done to me believing it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer work on Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures , and that experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
The whole life had been taught that the <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay gay beings were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critics who had seen in life .
Having been bullied of a child , I developed a sense of empathy towards suffering from others , but it was n't easy for me to treat people kind of , exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated .
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that I was teaching as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how to be homosexual , but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then came the `` Daily Show . ''
Every night , Jon Stewart made me become honest with my <unk> , and I was helping to see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , has nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he turned my <unk> figure in a moment that I was desperately sponsoring .
Sometimes the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was n't in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how my thinking was changing , and she told me something that I keep in my heart forever , while she 's alive .
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who had suffered enough with strict dogmatism and said , `` I 'm tired of hate to hate . ''
At that point , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep the whole of that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why I decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope that someone , one day , who 's going to try to take the violence , can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , which , though , I 'm going to give you this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get a fan to me .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives .
By the victims of terrorism to talk , against those meaningless acts , like rejection of my father 's actions .
With this simplicity I 'm showing you here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that kids do n't have to follow the paths of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much .
Right now there 's a film that projects in your mind .
It 's an incredible <unk> movie .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound of what you hear and see right now , but that 's just the beginning .
Your movie has scent , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It 's got memories , as a moment of your childhood that you project in front of your eyes .
And it 's constantly doing a voice , and it has a voice on your stream of conscious thinking .
The movie 's heart is you who experience everything alive .
This movie is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal movie , you , you and you .
There 's nothing we know more directly .
At least , I know I have an awareness of your own .
I do n't know that you 're conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason for living .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are we not just robots that we have to do to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible to be a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , for nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for nearly the entire 20th century , we would get that vision .
psychology studied objectively objectively , neuroscience is studying the brain objectively , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
<unk> , 20 years ago , everything began to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` It 's now the moment for science to <unk> consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flowering of scientific work on consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental constraints to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in the recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that I showed Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feel happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , it does n't address the true mystery of this matter : Why all physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there an subjective movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give you a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to turn into another emerging phenomenon like <unk> , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find an explanation .
The typical <unk> are all sorts of emergent behaviors , how do you operate them , how hurricanes work , how hurricanes they reproduce , they adapt and metabolize living organisms . They 're all questions about how it works .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon , how we walk , how we talk , how we speak , how we speak , how we play chess .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are really between easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is that all behavior is accompanied by an subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't have much to say .
I 'm a <unk> science <unk> .
I want a scientific theory of <unk> that works . For a long time , I would beat my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work .
But ultimately , I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get to this point .
We have an amazing string of explanations , so we get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't look to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to compose that idea to our scientific vision of the world .
I think consciousness , right now , is a kind of anomaly , something that we need to integrate to our view of the world , but we do n't know how .
With an anomaly , like this , you can need radical ideas , I think we need ideas that at first start crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Your crazy idea is that there is no such a hard problem of consciousness .
So the whole idea of the intrinsic movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you have to do , is to explain the objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and this is how everything you need .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply deny than the observation of consciousness is fulfilling .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
There are fundamental laws that govern noise , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of anything else .
Instead , it 's considered fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes , the list of the fundamental thing to be done .
In the 19th century , Maxwell discovered that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , laws of Newton , and he applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation that we find ourselves with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas that , space , time , mass , load , then by logic , you have to <unk> the list .
The most natural thing would be to serve the consciousness as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden is not the object of science .
It opens up the way to scientifically direct it .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we could strictly in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like that .
We want to find fundamental laws that we want to find fundamental laws that we can rationalize on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Each system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : Pan by everybody , `` <unk> '' by mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or you think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of anguish when you think , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No , that 's not .
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of crude feeling , subjective , some <unk> of consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy to you .
How would anybody think that crazy ?
And part of this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like the others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful , powerful way of finding fundamental laws that will make the thinking of the physical process , is <unk> consciousness with information .
There 's always information processing , there 's consciousness processing .
<unk> of complex <unk> , like a human being , complex consciousness .
<unk> of simple information , simple awareness .
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , I took this kind of theory , and I developed them rigorously with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which measures <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And I 'm supposed to be <unk> with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is an average degree of information integration , as significant , a pretty significant degree of consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is smaller , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of consciousness .
It actually brings a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate awareness to the physical world .
The physicists and the philosophers have observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where does the fire come out of the equations ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can be left , but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists basically do basically describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is that you put fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not found out of the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to make our relationship to nature , and it can have social and ethical consequences and ethical consequences .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I was n't supposed to eat anything that was consciousness , then I should be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think that you think about it right , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral morality is not both the fact of consciousness , but its importance and its complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> '' ?
Is it conscious ?
According to <unk> information , she has a complicated data processing processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are increasingly serious ethical problems about the ethic of intelligent computers and the ethics of <unk> .
Finally , you can ask for whole collective consciousness , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or at a local level , an integrated group , like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now , we have a TED collective consciousness , an internal movie for this whole group of TED , different from the inner movies of every single place ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think that at least it 's a question you should take seriously .
So this vision is <unk> , it 's a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually safer from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing , that the second thing that is universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how these little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , it 's probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we will finally be able to discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the right idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria .
It had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I 'm excited to myself with my friends , my friends with my sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 , a member of my community came to my parents , because I wanted to take a community 's prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an evident problem .
She actually has n't done anything . '' And she was right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile on my mother 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yeah , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as an accomplishment , if we take disability out of the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching in a middle school in Melbourne , so only after about 20 minutes in the 11 studies of <unk> , a boy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What 's speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking to you about the law of defamation for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your <unk> speech .
When people in lawn chairs are talking about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually , in the classroom . ''
And it was then when I realized : This child had had the experiences with disabled people as an inspiration objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not a kid 's fault ; it 's true for many of us .
For us , disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We are there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm in this <unk> scenario to what I do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for them to inspire it . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I 'm afraid .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that they 've lied to us in relation to disability .
Yes , they have sold the lie that disability is a little bit of a bad , a capital M , a capital M .
It 's something wrong and living with a disability makes you fantastic .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make you fantastic .
And in the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is bad attitude . ''
Or this one , `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : Before leaving , <unk> !
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , a little bit of the girl who 's drawing with a pen held by the mouth .
You may have seen a child running with artificial fiber carbon fiber .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use porn term deliberately , because we would take a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , I would encourage the disabled in the benefit of homeless people .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , motivate you , so that we can see them and think , `` Well , because of what my life is , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the account of the number of times that I have been tackled by trying to express that they believe that I 'm brave or an inspiration source , and this was going to happen before my work had a public profile .
It was as if I was excited to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images were attributed to the people with disabilities in the benefit of homeless people .
They 're there for you to see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your worries in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is really hard .
We 're going to run some things .
But the things that we 're doing is not the things that you can think of .
It 's not things relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately because I was given to the so-called social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very excited about it .
It does the things I need to do , and I 've learned to pull the best of your ability as well as you do , and that 's what happens to the kids of those pictures too .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability .
So is it really fair to <unk> in the way we do it , when we share those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspirational source , '' he says it as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because you have sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here <unk> the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh my God , you 're not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I 'm .
I learn from other people with disabilities at all times .
Yet , I do n't think that I 'm more lucky than them .
Now , I learn that this is an amazing idea to use some barbecue mix to pick up the things that fall down to me , I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the battery on the battery in the chair of the chair .
Great .
We learn from the strength and resilience from others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that you 've sold about disability is the biggest of injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles in a pack of stairs has never done it to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a television screen is not going to make the subtitles .
Nor do a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and extends a positive attitude to turn all those books to the braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered to be on a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of the people with disabilities that we 're getting away from the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a child at 11 degree in Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair .
The disability does n't make us remarkable , but question what you think you know about it , I know what it does .
Thank you .
What about augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow <unk> ?
Unfortunately , today , just answering one of those questions , so , please , you do n't know .
When people think indeed augmented reality , think about `` Minority Report '' and at Tom Cruise flying hands in the air , but augmented reality is n't science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step is what I 'm wearing : Google Glass 's glasses .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you might not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows you to see what I see .
It 's going to allow you to experience what 's being a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to <unk> .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you have with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass below a helmet and knowing what 's running through the game game at 160 miles , blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds we 're going to get away , trying to engage with everything else .
I 've been there and I assure you , it 's not nice .
I 'm going to show you some videos to show you what it is to use Google Glass under the helmet , and give them an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not images from the NFL , because the idea of the NFL technology is a submarine coming up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A moment . I 'll get a little bit .
Ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what is going to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of <unk> .
You may have realized that there 's people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them , <unk> from the University of Washington .
<unk> : Mice 54 ! Mice mice 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Go !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about feeling in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and they have asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a field of field .
or from a runner ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we go from full , how do we get it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called Rift Rift , which surely many people know .
The Rift Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to play on playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a roller coaster running through his life .
What 's going to be the experience of a fan when you put a video of Adrian <unk> crossing the line , let 's try a <unk> with the arm before running and doing an notation ? What will be the experience of a fan of a fan .
When it can be <unk> running through the court , launching the ball at the bottom of the network ? Or do you try to do a stick stick ?
What will be their experience when it goes down a mountain to over 100 miles per hour as a <unk> skier ?
Maybe they were <unk> for adults for adults .
But this is not still augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we get to augmented reality , <unk> ?
<unk> augmented reality when the coaches and the owners saw the information of what people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a brief refresher on the NFL technology .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> to their field <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios on the <unk> of the field and then on the defenses .
They had more spectators , because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that they 're a player coming back to your group and you see your next hand you see in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing , you 're not going to have to worry about forgetting a whole thing .
or to memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the field and they react .
And the coaches want it because if you do n't follow their instructions , they lose games , and they hate to lose games .
If you lose games , you 'd become a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a better strategies manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every single corner of the stadium , having a view from the top of the people down there .
You also get data from the <unk> 's sensors and the <unk> , something that 's already been working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know .
Bad people will have information overload .
This is going to give you the good teams of the bad teams .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis to stop being just for nerds .
So , what would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that it 's the <unk> .
<unk> the ball and <unk> .
<unk> an open receptor . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left of your bombsight will tell you that a defense behind you are going to <unk> . Usually , you would n't do it , but the <unk> system tells you .
They 're going to take the area of protection .
Another flashlight tell you that there is an open receptor .
<unk> the ball .
And it loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , however , the receiver sees in its bombsight , an area of grass that lights up and can change the race .
It 's coming up , it takes the ball , run and sets .
The general audience and fans have followed the one from each angle .
This is something that creates a mass emotion in the game .
I 'm going to get lots of people out there , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be their favorite player .
augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is , we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings , to show someone what it is , literally , being in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth of .
It generates billions of revenues a year .
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how they 're harmful from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay man in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it 's being pursued ?
How much is it also worth of a Hadfield Hadfield or a Neil <unk> Tyson trying to inspire a generation of kids to think more about space and science rather than short-term notes and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality .
The questions that we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , depend on , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I was retired recently after 23 years of service in California 's <unk> California .
Now , most of those 23 years ago , I spent the southern end of the <unk> County , including the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known for its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural form .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the places that are most used in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , a chief engineer who 's head of building the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is virtually testing of suicide .
Mice from the bridge is not practical and likely . ''
But from his openness , more than 1,600 people have jumped into death from that bridge .
Some people believe that travel between the two towers will bring them to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as such , so that each one from it is released from all your worries and pain , and the waters that pass below your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After one free of four to five seconds , the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour .
It breaks down the bones , some of which <unk> vital organs .
Most of them die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , normally be taken into the water , and then they drown .
I do n't think that the ones that we 're going to do with this suicide method will realize the death of death .
This is the cable .
Except around the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
This is where most people have been able to get their life off .
I can tell you by experience that once the person is on that edge , and in your darker moment , it 's very difficult to bring them back .
I took this photo last year while this young man talking to a officer looking for his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back into the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we had no formal training .
<unk> to channel the way through these calls .
This was not just a bad service for those who would raise suicide , but the officials as well .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , government veterans and psychologists train new officials .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him by July 22 last year when he got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the wheel near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked at Jason talking to an official Golden Bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old and he had flown up here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had flown up here two times before New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour of time talking to Jason , he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora 's box box .
And I 've got the Greek mythology , <unk> <unk> , and sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , do n't open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could more than Pandora , and she opened up the box .
She came out etc. , sorrows and all sorts of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So , Jason asked us , `` What happens if you open the box , and there 's no hope ? ''
A few moments ago , he leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind and smart guy in New Jersey had just got out of her life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , he did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the rabbi in the family called me to see how she was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
<unk> damage suicide affects a lot of people .
And I ask them these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone would n't be suicidal ?
What would you say ?
What do you say ?
In my experience , it 's not just to speak , but you need to listen .
Listening to understand .
Not <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the turning point they need .
If you think that someone is suicidal , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask them the question is , `` Other ones in similar circumstances have thought to get your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
They put the person in front of them to save the life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs to search : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to get better ; they 're going to be able to believe that there 's nothing you can do about it -- social isolation -- and a loss of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January of this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with her permission and blessing I read it .
`` Hello , Kevin . I imagine you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go up to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell their friends and so on .
I 'm still pretty insensitive , but noticing more moments to realize that Mike wo n't really come home .
Mike was driving down to San Francisco to San Francisco to see the playoff party with his father on the 19th of January .
He never got there .
I called the police of <unk> and has been reported that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and reported that the car 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily being too weak to fight themselves .
Who has n't been before without suffering from real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
<unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the path that his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I <unk> a radio call by a possible suicide subject on the bridge on the bridge near the north tower .
<unk> my motorbike on the sidewalk and looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , a tail immediately crossed the railing , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the hour and the next half , I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided that he does that day go back on that lane and give life another chance .
And when Kevin came back , it 's <unk> .
This is a new beginning , a new life .
But I asked him , `` What was he made back and gave the hope and life another chance ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You heard me .
You leave me talking and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to get it out .
`` Dear Mr. <unk> , nothing erase the <unk> events , and you 're one of the reasons Kevin still with us .
I truly believe that Kevin was <unk> for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly <unk> .
She brought Kevin when I was only six months , completely unconscious of all of those traits that were completely unconscious , but because of God , we now know it .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We give God for you .
<unk> to you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And in the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited General Francisco Hospital that night , you 're going to take them like the patient .
`` Wow , I did .
Today , Kevin is a loving father and an active member of society .
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that its history to inspire others .
suicide is not just something I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather committed suicide .
That act , despite the end of his own pain , to the opportunity to meet him .
This is what suicide does .
For most people suicide , or those who consider suicide , would n't you think of hurt somebody else .
They just want their own pain over .
Usually , this is actually achieved by just three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and phone calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents I 've been directly involved in , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who told him about an hour .
And for that time , I was holding my hand in three times .
In the end hand , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , however , that the vast majority of people that we get to contact on that bridge do n't kill themselves .
Also , those few that have jumped from the bridge and lived , and you can talk about it , that one , or two percent , most of those people have said that the second one that they leave on the end of the railing realize that they 'd made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does n't only connect to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or the bridge that we do , is something that everybody and every one of us must work to do .
suicide can prevent .
There is help . There is hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your inner you know what you are , and a question asks , how do you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , I 'm not alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever had as a child .
My outside eventually <unk> my inner truth , my inner self .
For complicated reasons , I 'll go on later , when I look at this picture , I think , I think , you know , you 've got it out , you got it , you got .
But last October , I discovered that I 'm barely starting .
We 're all holding our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin or the beliefs of those around us .
These are people who always challenge the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , a lot of my friends , my agent even , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
They recorded me as a child , because of my genital appearance .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I was always wearing this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do n't you have that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew how to make it .
The gender has always considered a unchanging <unk> , but we now know that , really , it 's more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 'll never tell you about sharing my story , not because it thought that I 'm a bad thing , but how the world is treated those of us who want to leave free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have my mom , dad and a family who 's accept me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage and I remember this beautiful woman showed up in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something happened to me : This is the kind of woman I 'd like to be .
And when I was 15 , when I still wore a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the Director of a transgender beauty contest .
That night , she asked me , `` Why do n't you have involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she participated , she was responsible for homework fees and costume , and that night , I won in the bathroom , I won on the <unk> suit .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty beauty .
Not many people can say that their first job was the queen of beauty 's beauty , but I can .
I also met the lunch goddess of all when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends of that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , and he called me , and he told me that they passed out my green card that I could go to live to the U.S .
I was resistant .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm amused .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know , if you tell the United States , you can change the name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me that I would put two `` and '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I stayed in Thailand at 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the rural cities of Thailand perform the most <unk> , sophisticated surgeries and secure .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary to be done before the name and gender .
So in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of the name of `` F . ''
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity paper means being able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me , it was license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly my fears were seen .
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman from <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York City who was living his truth , but he took her back , he turned to his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 of November , we make a global vigil through the <unk> Day of <unk> .
I 'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who are going to be <unk> and stood up with injustice .
These are 1.2 P. Johnson and Sylvia State .
Today , I 'm coming out of the closet today .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone and only for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , not fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that there 's no longer any more <unk> anymore in November .
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am .
Will you do it ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first of my blessings .
My support network , my parents especially , to my family , who are in it very strong .
I remember all the times that I 've been to the younger young women , which I 've been asking , and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents could n't accept it . I took the phone , he would take my mom and say , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's only about gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes that appointment does n't go block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to do it , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be room for curiosity and asking questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many of a lot of patriarchal and tribal societies , parents are usually known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known for their daughter and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007 , and when he was leaving his efforts in 2011 , and when he <unk> the National Prize for peace , it became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at the story of humanity , the story of women is the history of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when you were born a little girl , their birth is not celebrated .
You 're not welcome , and he 's not his father , nor for her mother .
The neighborhood is coming , day their <unk> and nobody <unk> the father .
And a mother goes on a lot for having a girl .
When it gives birth to the first child , the first child , he gets sad .
When he gives birth to the second daughter , <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when he shines his third daughter , she feels guilty like a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter , the child was born , when it grows , suffers too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , it stays home and the school admits of his brothers .
Up until age 12 , in some way , has a good life .
You can have fun .
It can play with your friends on the street , and it can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when it comes in in adolescence , when it reaches 13 years old , you paid to leave her house without a male <unk> .
It 's confined to the four walls of your house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the honor honor of his father and his brothers and his family , and if we were going to give up the code of that honor , I could even kill it .
And it 's interesting that this assumption of honor , it does n't just affect the life of a girl , it also affects the life of male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor .
And there is one more rule of patriarchal societies that 's called compliance .
It 's supposed to be a good girl to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and they accept the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if they do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or if you marry an old man , it has to accept it , because he does n't want to be <unk> .
If the married marry young , it has to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens in the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` The marry , <unk> , '' and then giving birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , the same lesson from obedience to his daughter and the same lesson to his children .
And this vicious circle continues and goes on .
He took brothers and sisters , when he was born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there , and I looked at her eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And much before I was born , I thought about his name , and he was fascinated with a feisty birthday of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I plotted a line from my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when I was four and a half , <unk> in my school .
You might ask , why should I mention the entrance to a school ?
Yes , I have mentioning .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , is a great event for child 's life .
<unk> in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name .
One to school means that it has come into the world of dreams and the aspirations that can explore their potential for your future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks before , when I 'm going to give you the form of Canadian visa , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document .
That was the reason that my daughter is worth of .
What my father could n't give my sisters and his daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and my daughter 's <unk> .
You 're going to sit down with me when my friends came to see me .
The encouraged to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to put them on their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to get it out .
I 've done all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught the students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
He collected brothers and sisters , fought for more rights for women , and fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we have a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights and , in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of the participation of women in all economic and economic activities and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
girls are banned to go to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> , and they stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , <unk> girls and the singers .
They were talking to them , but a few talked , and it was terrifying to be around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk for their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , <unk> stood up and got up for the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , he was offered her himself for the New York Times documentaries , and I spoke on every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's going to be <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason why the Taliban could n't tolerate his campaign and October 9 , 2012 , was shot in the head .
It was one day <unk> for my family and to me .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death , she whispered to my ear , `` Should I get my daughter to my daughter , '' to your daughter ? ''
And <unk> told me , `` Please , you do n't know .
<unk> the fair cause .
You 've got your life in play by the cause of truth , because of the cause of peace , and because of the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you .
They were both on the right path and God protect . ''
These very few words I would spend a lot to me , and I did n't ask again .
When I was in the hospital , and I had severe headaches and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut off , I used to see a dark shadow that ran out the face of my wife .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm fine with my smile , I 'm going to shave and my face .
I 'll get good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was comfort for us , and we 're getting rid of it .
He collected brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the most difficult times , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any 16 years .
He cries when he did n't go .
You fight with her brothers , and I 'm very happy about that .
People ask me , `` What about special about my mentoring that has made so bold to <unk> , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I say , do n't ask me what I did .
<unk> what I did .
He did n't cut its wings and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , brain science has become a personal passion .
I 'm an engineering .
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a <unk> in my office , and I 've had the <unk> Google visualization . But the whole work I 'm talking about today about the science of the brain , I did before I join Google or outside my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get to a brain operation .
Are you still just as clever or not ?
It 's not going to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't the gray matter , but it was the <unk> part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , from over a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , over the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mix mix together , and try to get , to continue with life .
I 've been saved by once .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided I would experience to try and get the <unk> dose there that really does n't have a clear map to say it in <unk> .
I started to test with different mixes , and I was shocked by looking at how little doses in the doses changed my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way to think , my way to think , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried doses and chemical chemicals for a <unk> man , and I was surprised by seeing how I changed my thoughts .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought I was the smartest person to all over the world , and -- of course , many times in the past , I 've known a number of different guys like this , or perhaps some versions of it .
It turned out as a extreme .
But my big surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying to do so much insecure , fixing a problem that had the front , and it just did n't happen .
So I could n't handle it .
It changed my doses .
But I think that that experience gave me a new appreciation for men and about what they have to go through .
What I was trying to do is to adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , it was to bring my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I believe almost always in images , and that became my key reference point : how do I get those images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want ? Testing , ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thinking is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes , look things similar .
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing .
There are the people who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . It 's simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to <unk> thinking and <unk> .
So , after several years , I could find the point right , and I have lots of great mental <unk> , really <unk> , very sophisticated , <unk> , very well .
Now , I 'm working on how to get quickly these mental images , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what if a filmmaker of cinema was able to use their imagination just to lead the world that has the front ?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head ?
There 's incredible possibilities with this , as the way creative people can get to share the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty for doing this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're quite close to this with two recent experiments done by two recent experiments that we 've done by neuroscience .
Both of them used MRI technology , MRI MRI , to represent the brain , and here you can see the brain scan that was made by <unk> <unk> and his Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the scanning of the brain of a person looking at an image .
The column in the middle shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual as it was imagined , seeing that same image .
The column on the right , he created <unk> the contents of the central column on the left . You see the difference is nearly .
This is repeated in many different individuals with lots of different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between looking at an image and imagine seeing that same picture is nearly .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from the Jack <unk> lab in Berkeley , California .
They managed to convert the brainwaves into recognizable visual camps .
So let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , he showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were putting their brains to create a large pool pool of the brain of video footage .
Then , I showed you a movie with new images , new people , new animals , and as long as it would be attached to a new scan .
The computer , using just the brain data of the scan of the scan of the scan of it to show what it looks like the person was looking at .
On the right , you can see the <unk> of the computer , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
And this gave us <unk> .
We 're good about doing it .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , you create in the brain the same mapping .
This was done with the current brain scan systems available today , and its resolution increased as a thousand times over the last few years .
Now we need to increase a resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do it ?
There are many techniques to do that .
One is opening up skull and put electrodes into it .
I 'm not offering for that .
Many of you are proposing new <unk> techniques for images , even me . Tell them with the recent result of MRI , first we have to ask the following , this technology will be the end of the path ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , magnets were only offered small improvements in resolution , not per thousand as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of bigger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a huge amount of effort in MRI were to make magnets really big magnets , right ?
However , most recent advances in <unk> of resourceful , brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitter of FM radio rates in MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use the <unk> magnetic patterns of FM radio frequencies .
So when we combine the magnetic patterns with patterns of FM radio processing processing , we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
In addition , we can then break into layers our growing knowledge of the brain structure and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not only the blood fluid , but the hormones and the hormones that I mentioned , and maybe even direct neural activity -- this is sleep .
We 're going to be able to tip our ideas directly into the digital media .
Can you imagine if we could spend over language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought that the Internet is big .
These are great questions .
It would be compelling enough to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to cure Alzheimer 's disease and similar diseases .
We have a few choices to open up this door .
But anyway , you choose a year , it will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take much more .
We need to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have containment .
Your closet may be telling some person for the first time that you love her or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you have through it through life .
So , I 've all closet a difficult conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of I 've lived in , and I 've come out of that closet , is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I worked in the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : no <unk> my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And I 'm going to be slope from my pants on my lunch pocket , and I had my head done a little bit , I would usually ask a little boy , `` Hey , are you a kid or girl ? ''
And there would be awkward silence on the table .
I took my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a leave of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother was a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I 'm going through it .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time I would say something .
He would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to get into the women 's issues at the table , and I had the quotes from Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem quotes .
Even a piece of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed .
So I took a deep breath , and I went down and my back , a <unk> girl with a pink dress , staring at me what 's not a feminist mourning , just a feminist mourning question , `` Are you boy or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath again , I got a lot close to her , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is kind of confusing .
I have the short hair like a kid , and I looked at clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
Well , I 'm more than a girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me , paying attention , and said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple , and it has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was it . It 's just `` Ah , you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation that I ever had ever had .
And why ? Because the girl of the <unk> and I , both , we were honest with each other .
So , as many of us , I 've lived in a couple of subjects in my life , and I know , often , my walls used to be a rainbow .
But in the dark , you ca n't know what color the walls are .
You just know how one feels like living in a cupboard .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'll give you a hundred reasons why I get out of my closet was harder to get out of it , but this is the issue : how hard it is n't relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to someone who owns them in it rotates is harder than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is more difficult than telling your five-year-old , you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop classify what 's hard to do with respect to what 's difficult to make another person feel better or worse in relation to our wives and we need to only feel empathy because we all live in .
At some point in our lives , we all live in containment , and you can make security , or at least more security than the other side of the door is offered .
But I 'm here to tell you , no matter what your walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine themselves 20 years ago .
I had a horse on a horse , a dress and heel shoes .
It was n't gay lesbian ready to fight any four year-old boy who would go into coffee .
I was frozen because of fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , my gay grenade , and the move only a muscle is the most terrifying thing ever done .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my whole life trying to try to do not <unk> , and now the world was turning around .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you did n't take that grenade , kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade made it in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that I was gay , and when I do my lady in honor , in my black dress and heels and walked around the messiah , and I finally came to a where the friends of my parents were , people who knew I was doing years .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had begun .
`` Would you ever be in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , meet my <unk> Antonio ?
It 's very good and never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ? ''
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace ?
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , frightening , but waiting for his support , to get me to know that I was on my side , he finally said to abruptly , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , like all the excerpts from grenades .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt .
It 's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but do you struggle ?
If you 're authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
It 's how hard conversations still remain my strong point .
Ask anyone who I have come out .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Girl <unk> .
Now , please look at this through the gay perspective , but you understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
<unk> armor . Be you .
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , the others must know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . Just <unk> . <unk> your eye .
If you know that they 're gay , <unk> .
If you say to your parents who might maybe be gay , they will maintain hope that that might change .
Do n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more important -- supermarkets .
You communicate your truth .
They would never be influenced by that .
And some of them can get wounded , they 're going to be hurt by what they 've done , but I 'm never sorry for what they are .
And yeah , maybe some will get disappointed , but that 's something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not their own .
That 's the story of them , but not from you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you find it in a dark closet , a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And they may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen , an example has been the famous example of <unk> <unk> that `` The question of whether a machine can think of it as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this thing as a criticism to the pioneers of computing as Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the underlying fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
So let 's take a step back .
We first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that you 're from an alien race , that you do n't know anything about the biology of Earth or from neuroscience of Earth or intelligence from Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can look at the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason is that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept on Earth 's intelligence , they would be forced to develop a physical theory that explains how , until a certain time in time , the asteroids that we would see the surface of a mysteriously planet refused to do it .
And so I claim that this is the same question to understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I took a number of years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , who chose , I believe , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be honed at the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that will promote the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the robotic movement planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize freedom freedom in order to do complex tasks .
And so by taking all these different issues and <unk> them together , I asked for several years : Is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of one E = <unk> for the intelligence that I have seen .
So what you 're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or keeping the choices open , with a force T , with the diversity of potential accessible , Yes , to an impending time , doubled .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to stay caught .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintaining open options .
And so , having in account this equation , it 's natural to ask , what can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Do you look at the level of human intelligence ?
Does artificial intelligence do ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' during their life , should trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological <unk> connection between entropy and intelligence is going to be a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlates with the production of entropy in the long run , but it actually arises from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system where it 's inside .
Amazingly , <unk> was able to spend multiple tests of animal intelligence , to play games of humans , and even winning money <unk> , all of that without the right thing to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human standing up , here we see automatically balancing a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave him a goal .
He just decided for her to balance the pole .
This ability of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and technologies of human assistance .
This is using tools in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling aside from a string at the same time to release food , here we see that <unk> can make a version of the model of that task .
This means of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable into a variety of domains .
For example , here we see successfully playing a <unk> game against itself , which is their potential for play .
So here we are going to be able to reconnect with new connections to new connections to a social network where the friends are constantly constantly and keeps successfully connected .
This same <unk> capacity , it also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
So here we are able to organize the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable into problems in defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and running a strategy of <unk> , <unk> in a simulated series of <unk> negotiation , successfully rising assets in exponentially .
This risk management needs to have huge applications in finance and insurance .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of marks of smart cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all flow from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
So let 's go back to the beginning of the term term , the <unk> , the <unk> , there was always the concept that if you 're using intelligent machines , there would be cyber rebellion .
Machines looked up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion around the other .
It 's not that the machines first get smart and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the impulse to take control of all future possible is a fundamental principle than intelligence , that the general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal .
I 'm often asked , `` How do we search for these kinds of frame ? ''
My equivalent of that statement to happen to the descendants of them to help them build artificial intelligences or help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and lose the planet that we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we have dramatically extended our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe .
The Kepler 's NASA mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points to the Earth is only one among the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope , which measures the dim light intensity of stars when the planets go ahead and they blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data gathered by Kepler show the sizes of planets besides the distance that there is between them and their star star .
So together , this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and rocky as the Earth 's planets of our solar system , and also the amount of light they receive from their suns .
Instead , this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure treasure of worlds potentially livable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
Now , 2014 was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice , which have been with us for millennia , are now disappearing in decades now .
These environmental changes that we 've caused on global scale have rapidly surpassed our ability to disrupt their course .
But I 'm not a scientist in the weather , no astronomer .
But I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by the stars , with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You could say that I 'm looking for aliens opportunities in the property sector .
Now , as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe , I can tell you that the more that I 'm looking at the Earth , the more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little further from the sun , it can be a world that is potentially a livable world that 's shown to be the Kepler as the Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been livable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study both to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Curiosity '' tracks its surface to look for clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the orbit of the <unk> mission , take samples of the atmosphere Mars , and trying to understand how Mars has been able to lose his <unk> .
So private companies now offer not only short space flights , but also the curator of living on Mars .
But even though all of these <unk> images remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with <unk> and pioneer ideas , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that we have yet to colonize , places that are actually <unk> compared to Mars .
Even in the driest and highest places on Earth , the air is fresh and filled with oxygen with our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement for the colonization of Mars , and other planets will start to get a big , sad shadow : the implication and the belief of some that Mars would expect to save us from the only planet that we know is really livable , the Earth .
For a lot that I want to like the sine exploration , I 'm deep disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity is how to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will comment that the party really will have place in the life boats . Thank you .
But the goals for autonomous exploration , and the Earth 's preservation is not dictated .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , to maintain and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments present in our world , look at the planet aliens .
They just found out closer .
If we can understand how to create and maintain these habitable spaces , in the hostile and bleak zones of the ground , maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I leave you with a mental experiment : the Fermi paradox .
Many years ago , the Enrico Enrico Fermi asked , having realized that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were a lot of planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of alien life existence so far .
Well , where are you ?
Well , one possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider living between the stars , they lose the notion of how important the planets is to protect the origin of the planets that we have this development .
It 's arrogant to think that only shore colonization will be saved by ourselves , but <unk> planetary exploration , they can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to apply to the hostile environments of Mars to the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'm going to run my own home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized that I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that were at the dining table , where I had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open up all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> might take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the morning , and my passport 's <unk> and my suitcase .
It 's expensive , but it 's safe that no more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , in spite of the circumstances , they were doing well .
I 'm a neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It involves cortisol , the heart rate , and we 'll reduce the levels of adrenaline and <unk> the thought .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized that I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleeping .
And I started to wonder , if there was something I could do , systems that could put in place , to avoid that bad things happen .
Or at least , if you happen , bad things happen , that you 're going to get the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later , my thoughts were n't going to go .
I was having dinner with my colleague Danny <unk> , and a Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed I told him that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I 'd been practicing something called hindsight <unk> .
It 's something that he learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this for a few years before , known as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come out and try to figure out what was going wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains Danny , you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong , then try to figure out what it can do to prevent things out or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , some of them are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , I 'll take a place for the things that are lost easily .
This sounds like common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of the important things , where the good thing is , where the fish are , that places the <unk> trees are , where tribes are living and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that 's <unk> in the <unk> drivers .
It 's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if someone actually did the experiment , they cut out the <unk> sense of squirrels , and they still could find their nuts .
They did n't use the smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move much .
This is the reason to lose keys from the car , reading glasses and passports .
So in the house , you put a place for your keys , a hook next to the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For your passport , a particular drawer .
For his reading glasses , a particular table .
If you take a place and they 're <unk> with it , your stuff will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take your cell phone a picture of your credit card , license driving , <unk> , <unk> for themselves so they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal , it can facilitate substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> .
So part of <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress we wo n't be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we 're all going to be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help you with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact , for the decision-making of financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that you have to take out of an rational assessment of facts .
So let 's suppose they go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the lab result and the cholesterol result is a bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with greater risk of cardiovascular disease , heart disease , stroke .
So you 're thinking that you have high cholesterol . It 's not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug to help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard about <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most prescribed medications in the world today , and you 're likely to meet people who take them .
And so you think , `` Yes , you 'll get your <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you should do then , a statistic that you should ask for most physicians do n't want to talk , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for the <unk> , the number necessary to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or submit to surgery in any medical procedure before it helps a person .
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor would n't tell me something if I was n't going to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not a doctor 's fault , and if it 's somebody 's fault , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't understood the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number necessary to treat the most widely prescribed <unk> , which you think is ?
How many people have to take it before you help a person ?
300 .
This is the research on the research research by the <unk> researchers and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I just explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , stroke or another clinically event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one of a chance in 300 of your cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? Give the prescription anyway . ''
But then you should ask for a more statistic , and it 's , `` <unk> of side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects occur in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating pain and articulate and painful pain , but now they think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , I still take medicine . ''
But a moment .
remember , under stress you do n't think clearly .
So , think of how you do this over time , so you do n't have to make the reasoning chain into the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 people have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that you can help your medicine .
I 'm not saying they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say you have to have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires , is part of the informed of informed consent .
We have to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash , but actually this needed to treat it is pretty typical .
For the surgery that the most is done in the older men in 50 , <unk> prostate cancer , the number necessary to treat is 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case , they produce 50 percent of the patients .
Those include exactly the impotence or erectile dysfunction , reappear on <unk> , 17 Kelvin , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects only one or two .
So the idea of the <unk> is to think before time , the questions that you can make the conversation go forward .
You do n't have to make this whole thing in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice for a lot of times , you want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could have much pain towards the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about , with their family and loved ones .
They can change in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol under stress , and one of the things that happens at the time is that they turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face face with a predator , it 's not necessary for the digestive system , or the libido , or the immune system , because if your body is spending metabolism on those things , it does n't react very quickly . You might be the lunch of lions , so none of that matter .
Unfortunately , one of the things coming out of the window during those moments of stress is modern logical thinking , like Danny <unk> and your colleagues have shown .
So we have to train them to think about the future of these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we 're all failing .
We 're all going to fail every time .
The idea is to think about the future , how could those failures be , to put systems in the place that will help to minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place .
<unk> the night of snow in Montreal , when I returned from my journey , my contractor gave me a combination of combination with the door , with a key door to the door , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have n't ordered , and lots of emails that I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization like a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` locality '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means touching gently .
If you 're playing a musical instrument , and you see a <unk> in the score , you need to touch it .
Two , <unk> , <unk> .
Four and <unk> and <unk> .
This is my drawing of a <unk> ' <unk> tree , and it 's shown that it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of '' and thousands of stories can have , never <unk> a complete silence .
That 's my definition of current silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs , the <unk> , besides a little bit of my own story .
The French sign language came over in the 1800s , and over the time , he mixed with local signs , and he developed the language that we know today like <unk> .
So it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and they taught me to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
But now I realize that it 's not true for anything .
Sound is a very important part of my life , really , are in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following blindly tracking their rules , customs , behaviors and norms of no <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
So I 'm learning and <unk> that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example .
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't make a lot of noise when you eat the bag of chips . ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure not scratch the covered in the dish . ''
This is all I call `` sound label . ''
Maybe I think about the sound label more than the average person does .
I 'm <unk> sounds of sound .
And I 'm always waiting for the sound , which is about coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , for continuing .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see that the <unk> does n't have notes in the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle <unk> and spots .
In culture 's culture , movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> is five lines .
However , to me , I 'm going to make it with my thumb , that 's not natural .
That 's why in my drawings I only have four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
For this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and while I was going from one another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At the time , the sound was the tendency , and that 's called me attention .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now sound has come into my realm of art .
Will you know me more about art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you 're not just experiencing through your ears .
I can feel it by touch , or I can experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything that had taught me in terms of sound , and I decided to leave it and <unk> .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was struck by the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was something of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that well I could get rid of myself and my artwork , or I could empower myself .
I chose it to me .
There 's a massive culture around speech .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , the eyes of society is as if I did n't have a voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
That way , I 'm capable of being relevant in society today .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with many different performers of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , when I borrowed their voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value , something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If you 're not going to continue with this practice , I feel that I could hide in oblivion and not have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the music world .
And I was surprised by looking at the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express out fully on paper .
And the same thing can say about a concept in <unk> .
The two are very space and highly <unk> what means subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the sounds like the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a piano metaphor , so they understand better how the <unk> works .
So imagine a piano .
The <unk> divide in many different <unk> parameters .
If you add a different parameter for each finger as you get the piano , like facial expression , the movement of the body , the speed of the body , the speed of the hand , the speed of your hand , and so , while you play the piano , English is a linear language , as if you were just a key to the time .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a concept of clear or idea in <unk> .
If only one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing about music in terms of tone , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , when you use these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the <unk> sign on that . ''
This is the <unk> sign .
I 'm looking at it .
Put out .
Oh , I 'm scared .
Ooh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough !
So , I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through the music ?
If I had to create a sign , and I would plug it over and again , it might be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day '' -- the sun comes out and put it .
This is `` all the day . ''
If you go through it and <unk> the speed , visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same thing can be said from `` all night . ''
All night .
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different kinds of night : `` Last night , '' `` during the night , '' `` all night . ''
I feel that the third is more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how the time is expressed in <unk> and how distance our bodies can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present becomes closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is a long time ago .
Then , `` <unk> '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic , dramatic idea at once , `` Once Once upon it . ''
`` common time '' is a musical term with a <unk> rate of four times by compass .
Yet , when I look at the word `` common Time '' I think automatically , at the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : right hand , E : Left : left .
We have <unk> through your head and the chest .
[ Face ] <unk> , <unk> , a flashlight . ] [ unclear ] [ unclear ] ] [ unclear ] [ unclear ] -- I 'm going to show you a way of the hand called `` flashlight flashlight . ''
Can you do it with me ?
All with the hands on high .
Now we 're going to do it both in your head as well as the chest , something like `` common weather '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` fall in love '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and languages of signs around the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in the <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in the <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job everybody .
Look at how the three signs are very similar . Everybody goes on your head and my chest . But they transmit very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have sounds , automatically has no social value .
We have to begin to question what defines the social value and allowing the <unk> to develop their own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people will understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> .
<unk> is a rich treasure , and I would like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
Denise <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents said to me , `` You can take them all over , but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination was led to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence , or a bubble of ignorance I have to say , because adults were lied to protect us from the horrible truth .
As I get older , I found out that adults also <unk> , and they 're not very good at cleaning the others from others .
The time happened , I 'm now an adult and teaching citizenship and invention in the <unk> school of Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students to walk around the beach with lots of crap .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , and not , you 're not drinking alcohol , and if he 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but today , more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of scary .
And in the last decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , and we were collecting these pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and classify them and <unk> this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those huge boats .
So along with my students , with ages of six to 15 years , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
So we started building this <unk> coffee table , which is <unk> so that kids can also participate .
And I 'll tell you , the kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave you with the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to figure out what we expect to work .
So we decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic , only <unk> information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited about robots .
And then we quickly created what we call a prototype .
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we end up with lunch .
And we can transform light bulbs and cameras on accessories and we put it together in a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic floating down through the sensor while the onboard computer processing this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a good estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
And I took this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone else gets better .
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
I can research my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed .
You see the news , you get the Internet , and you 're going to get into this image .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning a oil spill , just using your hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water that you drink , the water where they are fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown , mud and oil is also brown , and when everything mixes , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there is a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So we built a very first prototype of a spectrometer that can spread through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help you identify what 's in the water .
And we got this prototype with a sensor , and we send it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help shape other children .
I can do a problem at a distance , and I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe to address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and French and maybe remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that there was several giant waves giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed various cities on the East Coast of Japan .
Over 14,000 people died in an instant .
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima , a nuclear power plant close to water .
And today , according to the reports today , the average 300 tons is still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the West coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it looks safe , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've returned to Fukushima every year from the crash and research in an independent way with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to bring kids .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents were n't allowed .
But every night we reported to the center of control -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't have the job seriously , but they did because they 're going to have to live with the rest of their life .
Together with them we discussed the <unk> data that day and talked about what we were going to do later , the strategies , the <unk> and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear energy plant .
We created the map of elevation , we brought pigments to represent data in real time from radioactivity , and consumed water to simulate the rain .
So with this , we were able to notice that the radioactive powder would be <unk> from the top of the mountain into the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this we organized a civil expedition , the nearest close to nuclear power to date .
We 're getting closer to a mile from the nuclear power , and with the fishermen of fishermen , we were collecting sediments from the sea bed with a tracker of sediment as we invent and build .
Here 's an progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies and very simple .
But at the same time , it 's been getting more frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage that we 've done .
We have n't even begun to try to solve the problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all of these things .
So the classroom became so small , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optical , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and kids can play together .
It 's a place where dreams of children can become reality with adults , and where adults can be kids again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked questions like , can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility population , transforming their standard wheels chairs in new electrical vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible enough , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the kids of the horrific truth because we need their imaginations to invent the solutions .
So , scientific citizens , creators , <unk> , we need to make the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people , and so that I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin <unk> , two <unk> cultures .
One is made from thousands of steel pieces , the other one of a single silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One gets over the environment , the other one creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other one by her .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that struggle to be free .
The <unk> was only <unk> .
But living creatures are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we take all the information required for each cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by hyper-consumption of manufacturing and mass production .
<unk> lines have dictated a world made out of parts , including the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as <unk> in discrete parts .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think about the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
One acts mostly as filter , the other mainly as barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no parts of it .
It 's a system that goes through its functionality through <unk> variation .
Here 's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of each designer and an architect in working on the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and the growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , shows in the two screens after me .
My work , on its simplest level , is trying to bring these two visions of the world , moving away from the assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering , why ?
Why was n't it possible to do 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a weird moment , where four disciplines that offers to access to tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please know the minds and my students ' hands .
We design objects , products , structures and tools across scales , large scale , like this robotic arm with a scope of 24 meters in diameter with a utility that some day not very far away is going to print whole buildings , and graphics at the nanoscale made of genetically modified .
Now , here we 've been looking at it , an archetype of ancient Arabic architecture , and it has created a screen where every single aperture is unique to shape the form of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a <unk> fashion parade , <unk> , and it 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with 3D printing 3D printing , we print this layer and 3D skirt , with no seams between the cells , and I 'll show more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of an awful scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical , and to the synthetic instruments , it allows to design products that are governed not only the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at the time , a chair , and also that absorbs sound .
Professor Carter , my collaborator , went back to nature to inspire , and by designing this <unk> pattern , it becomes <unk> .
It would take up this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in rigidity , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , changes its functionality , not by addition to another material or another assembly , but it 's continually continuously and delicately the material property .
But is the ideal nature ?
There 's no parts in nature ?
I was n't raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was a young man , my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible , and one of them got me left and came to define a lot of what I care about .
As she says , `` On the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a tree , <unk> fruit . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land has gone up trees with branches , cortex , stems and flowers .
The land created a world made out of parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would the design be if the objects were made out of one piece ?
Do you get a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material on the tree with fruits , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons that are produced by organisms like shrimp , crabs , crabs and butterflies .
We thought that if we could tune into the properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We asked them a lot of shrimp husks and <unk> and produced <unk> <unk> .
<unk> the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures on a system , it built a system that was multiple Celsius of <unk> <unk> .
The robot could vary the material properties of the march and create these structures made from one single three <unk> material , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , you dry them up to find a natural form of contact with the air .
So why do we continue designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain microorganisms microorganisms that first appeared on the planet about 3.5 billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the genetically engineered bacteria bacteria to capture carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of beam beams , and if it grows even more , into windows .
A tree <unk> from fruit .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects that are designed to biodegrade , on the sea , <unk> the marine life , and put on the ground , they will grow a tree .
The fit for our next exploration , using the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep your life for journeys .
To do that , we have to master bacteria and control its flow .
So as the periodic table , we made our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made of additive and <unk> form .
I like to think about synthetic biology , like liquid alchemy , only that instead of <unk> beautiful metals , new biological functionalities inside very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We put our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , we combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and the ponds of fresh water .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria living in the human intestine .
One turns the light into sugar , the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels to the built environment .
But these two microorganisms , do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They are here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship to a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like the digestive tract , which will help the bacteria flow , and that they will provide their function of the way .
So we started to grow those channels in the human body , and we 're using the properties of the material to desired functionality .
If we wanted to more photosynthesis , we wanted more transparent channels .
This portable digestive system , when you stretch from one end to another , 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times as our small intestine .
And here it is , as we 're going to be at TED , our first portable <unk> , bright liquid channels with life within your clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are <unk> creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that we could do our skin , disrupt the broken tissue and grab our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So now , you know that a 3D printer printed material into layers .
You also know that nature does n't do it .
It 's growing . <unk> with sophistication .
And this cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they were going down .
<unk> manufacturing is not about this level of sophistication .
It does it through the combination of not two materials , but of two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , assembling those fibers to each other .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first turns into the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts to take a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in one single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the spinneret .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualizing the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm in a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that you 're going to be a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the structure of the cocoon , was transmitted directly by the environment .
Often it was <unk> silk worms to death inside its cocoons , their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry .
We saw that we 're designing these templates , we can shape silk silk without a only cocoon .
They 're <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot making silk silk , and we put it on our site .
We knew that <unk> silk worms are going to be more dark and cold , why we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
And so we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributes the silk worms over the structure .
We were ready to get to the caterpillars .
We 'd ask them by asking them to make silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after you feed them four weeks , they were prepared for us .
We put them carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding of the scaffolding , and as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , put eggs , and life starts again , like we , but much , much shorter .
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
By <unk> silk silk on silk <unk> , you give it all this pavilion in its integrity .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , every half of a mile silk worms .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
<unk> , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 pavilions in the future .
So here 's the two visions of the world .
A <unk> silk through a robotic arm , the other full empty .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , the designers have to join these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at first .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which brings us from a design inspired by nature to a nature that is inspired by design , which demands of us , for the first time , let 's take care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked them , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time ?
They can stick with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if you ask , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's caused you some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English , <unk> and art and developed websites . In addition , I played the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And in general , I like to try and persist anyway , having dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to get myself through something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to leave you in it , and I 'm going to leave you , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found my own , '' and then again this point where I begin to <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern was a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , denying all my other passions , and <unk> them .
Another reason that I had so much anxiety was a little bit more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something wrong with me for nothing .
I worried about being afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate to my story , and these feelings , I would like to ask you something that I 'd like to put myself back then .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned : they learned from culture .
You ask yourself , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you 're going to get to that age .
It 's considered a naive question to make cute answers in children like , `` Being an astronaut , '' or `` Being an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to get the Halloween here .
This question is over and over again , as we grow up in various forms , the time we 're growing up in high school students , you ask them to pick up in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's about being the cute exercise of before what sleep is removed .
Why ?
Now , while this question inspired the kids to dream with what they might be , not inspires to dream with everything they might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond with 20 different things , even though you 're well-intentioned and say , `` Oh , how cute , but you ca n't be a craftsman of violins and psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he is craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , editor of magazine converted into <unk> , entrepreneur , professor and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real calling , the idea that each of us has something to do for your time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is , and to devote your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are many different themes that wake up with curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There is no place for someone like one in that frame .
And so you can feel just .
You can feel it does n't have a target .
And to feel that there 's something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that .
It could help if you divide in three parts : multiple and potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we 're going to take the same idea , like scholar , <unk> .
During the time of the Renaissance , the ideal was a <unk> in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us like `` scanners . ''
You know , any term you like or make your own .
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you should beat .
But what I 've learned about talking with people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in being like this .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , visualization data , travel , math and design , when I found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates <unk> jewelry .
At <unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his mixed eclectic bunch of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
From there coming the new ideas .
And the <unk> , with all of their background , can access a lot of these points of intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is the fast learning .
When we <unk> them into something , we 're going to do it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , because it was many times in the past , and this means we 're less afraid of testing new things and get out of our comfort zones .
Many skills are <unk> to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to every new area that we pursue , so we rarely start from zero .
<unk> <unk> is a full-time <unk> and an independent writer .
As a child , I was an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> known .
Before he turned into a writer before he was an financial planner .
He had to learn the fastest sales mechanics when his practice began , and this ability to write compelling launches for editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to go to what you 're attracted to , even if at the end of it .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a totally different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third <unk> superpower is adaptability . That is the ability to transform anything that you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , other , <unk> websites , sometimes a master consultant , sometimes master , and sometimes apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
Now , Fast Company magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are individuals and organizations that can afford to meet the needs of the market , the ones that really do .
<unk> of ideas , rapid learning and adaptability -- three skills where the <unk> are very adept , and three skills you could lose if they 're stressed to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in nurturing the <unk> to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need not conventional creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They come from the belly by knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you .
In fact , some of the best teams make up of a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put the ideas , and the <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that we 're connected to how we are connected .
And unfortunately , to <unk> largely are encouraging them to simply be more like their specialized companions .
Once I said this , if there 's one thing that you 're going to take from this talk , I hope it 's like this : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to get through all the media .
That 's where you 're going to give the best .
But for the <unk> in the room , including the ones that you just realized is one of them in the last 12 minutes , I say , <unk> with their many passions .
Keep your curiosity through those rabbit 's rabbit .
<unk> intersections .
It brings out our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , the world needs us !
Thank you .
Within a year 1901 , a woman named <unk> led her to a sanitarium in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> and I could n't remember the most basic detail of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
And I did n't know how to help <unk> , but I would hide it up until , unfortunately , he passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy , and they found strange plates and compress them into the brain of <unk> , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most amazing thing .
If you were to have been alive today , we could n't give it more help than he was going to give him 114 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. Alzheimer 's disease .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
From contrast , medicine has advanced a lot .
They 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , many treatments for cancer , HIV/AIDS for HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But it 's recently made progress on Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade ago .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimers now affects 40 million across the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million that , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live until 85 or more , your ability to get Alzheimer 's disease will be almost one of two .
In other words , there 's the likelihood that you have their years with Alzheimer 's disease or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer 's .
Already only in America , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and its costs required a five-year increase in 2050 , as the generation of the booms boom .
You may be surprised , but Alzheimer 's disease is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it has been relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death from all over the world , Alzheimer 's disease is the only thing you ca n't prevent , cure or even slow down .
We understand less of the Alzheimer 's disease than other diseases because we 've invested less time and money in the research .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer 's disease despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's and causes a similar year of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what few people know , but everybody should : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , everyone , even the scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
We think it will be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy aged brain compared to a Alzheimer 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to there 's also a severe memory of memory and abilities , the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's significantly reduced life expectancy and is always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and strangers in the brain of <unk> does a century ago .
For nearly a century , we did n't know much about this .
We now know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as an origami .
There are places in the paper that are sticky .
And when it folds well , these sticky dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky dots remain outside .
This makes the molecules of protein stick to each other , forming groups that can form large plates and rolls .
That 's what we see in the brain of Alzheimer 's patients .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There are many steps , and the identification of what we have to block is complex , like defuse a bomb .
It could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that 's blocked it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , in its greatest part , they have shrunk and waited for the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , chemicals , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process , and now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that we 're testing specifically this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our latest outcomes .
No one out of our lab has seen it yet .
So let 's look at a couple of videos of what happened when these drugs were testing .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see they 're moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have molecules of protein that are attached to each other , like humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But when we give our new drugs to these worms at an early stage , then we see that heal and live normal life .
This is just a very positive result , but research as this shows that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But in order to grow that hope , of overcoming Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not scientists like me , it 's about you .
We have to make sure that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and that if we try , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have come up with more research and <unk> pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to advance the HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
We see that same unit to beat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , hidden victims , caregivers from their loved day and night , are often too excited to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's disease is not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change they need for themselves .
You 're talking about talking for them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times Modern in January of this year .
In love with somebody , I do this .
The article comes from a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and in my own experience as I try it myself at night myself .
So the procedure is quite simple : Two strangers will be made to do 36 and more personal questions , and then they both look at your eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with one quality or ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 'd come to another person ?
And just ?
We 're moving forward , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : I really like -- Tell your partner what you like about him or her -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you do n't say to someone you 've ever known .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later , and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the occasion to test this study , with someone I knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to fall .
Yet we fall in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the spinal Love column a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's August , so I guess some of you will probably be wondering : they keep together still ?
And the reason I think this is why I think this is because I 've been doing this question over and over again in the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to it .
A week before the article was published , I was very nervous .
I 'd been working in a romantic book in the last few years , so I 'd been thrilled to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog blog can come to a few hundred views as a lot , and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably have a few thousand views .
And that was a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he did , I had no idea .
The article was published on a Friday night on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And Sunday , I 've already called the Today Show and Good <unk> America .
In one month , the paper took over eight million hits , and I was , for saying something , little ready for this kind of attention .
One thing is to encourage trust writing with sincerity about our own romantic experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of an international news has been that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call it or write , what they did every day for weeks , they were always doing the same question : Are they still following together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I did a quick search in my email 's mailbox with the phrase , `` Are still still together ? ''
And several messages immediately appeared .
They were from students and journalists and strangers as well .
I was interviewed on radio and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman shouted to the stage , `` Hey <unk> where your boyfriend is ? ''
And I immediately put red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper , you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have lived their own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's experiences , which included the experiences of readers when they tested the study in them with different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all this attention was to be very close to my own relationship .
I said , not to every request that we both did a public rise together .
<unk> TV interviews , and refused to make pictures of us two .
I think it was afraid to become the <unk> icons of the <unk> process . It 's a range of range that I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : I mean , if it was capable of producing enduring love , not just an adventure , but real love , enduring love .
But this was a question I did n't feel capable of answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt about everything , that people asked the wrong question .
How do we follow together or not , and then you tell you ?
If the answer was not , would the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the researcher 's goal was n't to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal approach between college students , using what Aron called <unk> personal and progressive and reciprocal .
It sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were felt closer after doing that , and a number of studies later , they used to use the <unk> protocol , as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've been used by members of the police and the community , and they 've used it among people of opposing political policies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately it was never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk for a small liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said to me , with shyness and did n't work .
And he seemed puzzled by it .
And I mean , you want to tell you about the person who you did ?
Well he paused .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I was better friends ?
Did you feel so much better than they did better after testing the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
Yet I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you is looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was supposed to virtually all my adult life , and he was my first real love . And he had no idea how or if I could live without it .
So I turned into science .
I did everything I could find on the science of romantic love , and I hoped that that could sort of get the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time I thought I was just researching for the book I was writing , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I built up with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel as bad as I used to be then .
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm a more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably well can demand me .
What I look for love is a guarantee , not just to be loved today and being loved it tomorrow , but to remain loved by the person that I love .
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were together .
The news that the media told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut short .
There may be a way to mitigate something of implicit risk , and this is a very attractive story , because in love , it makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The story of the story that you ask : Are they still still together ?
And its content with an answer of Yes or not .
So more than one question , I would propose to make questions harder , questions like , how do you decide who your love deserves and who is n't ?
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how do we know when to cut and distance it ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably has a relationship , or more , how do you live with doubt your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody .
So if you want the brief version of my relationship , it 's this one -- a year ago , a well-known and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But fall in love is not the same as being in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote : Love did n't happen .
<unk> in love because we take the choice to be .
And I shudder a little bit about reading it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that we were supposed to do that choice .
He did n't consider the time we have to make that decision , and how much times I 'll have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he always chose or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and responded to 36 questions , I 'll have to love somebody so generous and kind and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what maybe I spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the very happy ending in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article I did n't do .
But what I have instead is a chance to love someone , and the hope that he will also love me , and it 's terrifying , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by some lesbians in full mountain , and in a way , I came like a <unk> of the forest .
In New York City a time ago , something that really affected me , but more details later .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and he <unk> a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in her somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought , some of these strange humanoid humanoid or a few aliens found this box about 500 years later , and let 's figure out how our kind of exchanging ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
But anyway , it 's grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At a time , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from a tour and surf and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took it up all the pages and I made a kind of <unk> <unk> by Agnes Martin and the resin of resin and a bee stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and he 's <unk> them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking he could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed to grow up to size , as if it was that we get the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out the street , all I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realized that God I can draw in space .
I can flow out of <unk> , draw just like it 's done around a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects , and I created my own taxonomy of specimens invented .
First , Edinburgh -- the ones that you can get an idea .
Then I made some insects and weird creatures .
It was really fun to draw in the resin sheets .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to bring my girlfriend for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in the human form , the <unk> <unk> sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing in the glass layers , similar to the drawing on a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that make a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work was going on with something very big , which I call `` triptych . ''
For the `` triptych '' was inspired by the `` The garden of the delight '' from Hieronymus Bosch that is a painting at the <unk> Museum in Spain .
You know ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a bit ahead of your time .
Well , the `` triptych . ''
It 's about 3,000 kilos .
5.5 meters long .
It has double face , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's kind of weird .
Well , that 's the source of the blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and grasshoppers .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They 're going to the world of representation , to this analog mesh underworld where they hide .
This is where creatures with animals are headed to the beacon , ready to commit suicide in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a god strapped to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; 2000 , the <unk> platform of the <unk> states -- the sanctuary of Osama Bin Laden , there 's all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
But anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand goes out .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's something about `` triptych . ''
It 's a bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand that it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , it has a nose , as a bird peak , and it spits cloud of this nose .
It also has a 5.5 feet long , a snake tail that binds to `` triptych . ''
Anyway , his tail turn on fire on a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that go , you know .
His tail ends up in a <unk> eye in the <unk> of 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards from terrorists .
It brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material that is encyclopedias or dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of file in a form of being human , and travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , they divide .
And you can walk in between them . It 's pushing me .
Each one is basically a scanning electron microscope that 's 1.3 kilos with a human trapped inside .
This is a little cave on the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can download it .
I 'm going to share with you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that comes out of the chest , and it covers the penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher on these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a party party in half .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There are some pills coming out and come in the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the chest cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Personal <unk> .
Within this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a musician , a radio shoot , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content that it spreads in the world ; and a garden .
And we put the box and all the people inside it strikes each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you 're <unk> who is and the box where it 's living .
And together we came to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , of borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very facts about the same stuff and in the same box .
And if we do n't start exchanging those things with sweetness , and we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when you hurt your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has effect against pain , first of the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
I 'll take a pill that 's the most effective , <unk> system so that any <unk> drug of the body .
The downside , however , is that by <unk> any drug .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , they serve the amount of viruses in the blood , and increase the blood cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in time that it takes to get into your blood stream , they will be bent , and even worse for the time that it takes to reach its fate , which is where it 's more important : in the HIV warehouse .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it does n't go into the bloodstream of the patients that are <unk> to regular therapy .
However , after the disruption of treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of life treatment .
One day , I sat down and thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly to the warehouse warehouse , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert expert , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for careful wounds and diabetes surgery , they can be used for anything you can imagine , including transportation transport .
In fact , we 're already using lasers to open or drill extremely small holes , that open and closing holes almost immediately the living cells with HIV to put drugs .
They 're best asked , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little laser beam over the cell membrane infected with HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser is going through the cell , while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even notice , the hole is immediately hanging away .
We 're testing this technology in vitro or dishes , but the goal is to take this technology to the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we will make an incision on the infection .
The second head , which is a camera , goes to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that cuts the drug , it frees directly into the site of infection , while the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this does n't look very much .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to complete eradication of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all of HIV researcher -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied to non-state armed groups : armed organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
I card what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these generators from violence and study ways to encourage the transition from violent involvement to nonviolent confrontation .
I do work work , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course , because the war has changed .
I used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between states and actors non-governmental actors .
For example , the <unk> peace deals with 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor .
That 's why we need to understand these groups ; we even have to engage them , or we have to engage them in any successful business resolution .
But how do we do it ?
We have to know what 's driving these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they struggle , how they do it , but no one analyzes what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and policies were not related .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global vision .
The armed groups today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese , known for his violent amphibian against Israel .
From their creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , the Hamas Palestinian , known by their suicide attacks , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
<unk> a complex communication machine : radio stations , television stations , Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And here 's the ISIS magazine , printed printed in English and published to recruit .
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising hedge fund , but through cost-effective businesses , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population by investing in social services .
They build schools , they build hospitals , they build a professional <unk> programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
<unk> groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that the state does n't provide : security and protection .
The ascent of the Taliban in Afghanistan torn by war or even the beginning of ISIS power , can be able to understand the efforts of these groups by delivering security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has a price for the population .
But in general , provide social services , it means to fill a vacuum , a gap between the government , and allows them to these groups strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the election victory of 2006 in 2006 , they ca n't even understand the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex stage , even in the West , when we look at armed groups , we just think of the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , strategy or long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They are grown because they fill gaps left by the government , and they emerge as armed and politicians , participate in the violent struggle and governance .
And the more complex and more sophisticated are these organizations , less we can tell them as something opposite to a state .
How do I call a group like <unk> ?
<unk> part of a territory , run all of their functions , collect garbage , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines come out .
We live in a world of states , from without state and hybrid nations , and the weaker the states , like in the Middle East , the more come in and fill that gap the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups will have to invest more in military tools .
We put that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and setting up peace .
If we understand better to armed groups , we will understand better what incentives offer to foster violence transition to violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win a few battles , but we will not give peace and stability .
In order to achieve these goals , we need long-term investments to fill in that security vacuum , to fill that vacuum of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman , and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the feminist label on feminist , would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore I 'm going to give you a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The Bad feminist '' and then in the interviews , people started calling the Bad <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke was meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and 20 years old , I had strange ideas about feminist , these <unk> women , anger with men and hated sex , as if that was a bad thing .
Today , I see how women are treated around the world and anger , in particular , looks like a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people who might be a feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo , taboo .
I was <unk> as a woman who does n't follow the rules , which is asking too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's equal or higher to a man .
Nobody wants to be that a rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I grew up , I began to accept that I am , in fact , feminist , and also proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They were doing the same wages for the same work .
We have right to travel from the world like <unk> , free of harassment or violence .
We have right to use that easy to use the contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , no need for <unk> , or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to account our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , gender expression , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We have to have the difference and how they affect us , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive it to work , I hear music music by <unk> all volume .
Even though the letter degrades the women and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' of the yang Yang . It 's incredible .
`` Make it actually with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give it , move it until the shell hurts ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely disturbed by my musical notation .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> and the maintenance of the <unk> and maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and the nice things .
I can see `` The <unk> , '' and the romantic goodness , and I have <unk> fantasies of the fairy tales that they do .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband 's name , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose .
Let 's take this problem .
I mean , the conventional feminism that has ignored or diverted in historically the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgender women , in favor of white , straight and high middle class .
Listen , if that 's good feminism , I 'm a very bad feminist .
It also happens : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put a pedestal in a pedestal .
We hope that <unk> perfection .
When we <unk> ourselves , we take a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I already consider that pedestal , before you try to put myself in there .
Too many women , particularly innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid to be tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' fear of what that sticker means , because of fear not to be able to fulfill the little realistic expectations .
Take an example to <unk> , or as I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a feminist convicted .
In <unk> James <unk> in MTV , on MTV , acted in front of the word `` feminist . ''
It was a wonderful show , to see this poop star embrace feminism and making women out of women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of .
Over the time , cultural critics began the endless debates if it was <unk> or not feminist .
<unk> its feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
<unk> <unk> of feminist , because we 're still struggling for a lot , we want a lot , we need so far .
We 're going to go much further from sensible and constructive criticism , to hold up feminism of any woman , tear it up until it 's nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
The bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We 've gone from recognizing our imperfections to give accounts , go to action and be a little bit more courageous .
If I hear music degrading , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy by providing an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until they 're pushing change effectively to their profit .
It 's definitely hard .
Why does his music have to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when the bad decisions are justify that it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years .
It 's two great , messy , brilliant little girls , and also very courageous . I want you to grow in a world .
And they 're going to appreciate it for the strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option is within a much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television show comes to sexual violence against women as sport , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radio lines when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go into the movies in another part when movies are n't treated as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their colleagues as boxing boxing .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexuals can say , `` No , I 'm not going to post in their magazine , participate in their project , or work with you , until it does n't include a number enough of women , so much to engage them for making decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also make ourselves <unk> to be , until more as us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision decisions .
Because we 're not groupers going . Without these efforts , without embracing these positions , our accomplishments will mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to come to the top , to people in power directors and film producers and music , the legislators , the people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create a durable and meaningful change .
We can also tell ourselves with courage , our feminism , good , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` Would you think about being a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say , above all , because the old man was stolen to me , and feminism was helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it incident to address what happened .
And a few guys would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as if it was nothing .
I started to believe that it was n't anything .
<unk> my voice , and after I did n't dare believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I became a stronger version of myself .
The words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
The words of the women who showed me that was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I began to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through the script and of feminism , I also found out that if I was a little brave , another woman could listen to me and see me and realize that none of us is the whole thing that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to accomplish anything .
And in the other , I argue the humbling reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I say and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little brave , when you need to be a little brave .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles or because of somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in Quebec .
One of the <unk> things of this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a <unk> immune system is one of the most preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for more than a century , but a lot of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak were not vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something was supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , it was n't the article that unleashed argument about autism and vaccination vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Does n't believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world continue to argue that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rising of autism in the time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
Now , the few psychologists and pediatricians I 'd heard about it , they believed to develop their entire professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates continued stable only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started shooting .
<unk> fundraising fundraising , <unk> <unk> are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people from the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` criteria '' criteria , and `` a better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language do n't dissipate the fears of a young mother looking for the face of his two years , the eye contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so close to the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism as hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to discover the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened is that what happened has to do with slow progress and careful progress that with the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us everything about how we got here and where we have to go .
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> from Johns Hopkins Hospital , and in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who looked into private worlds , <unk> people around them , even their own parents .
You could have fun for hours waving their hands in front of her faces , but they were prey to panic by <unk> as when he did n't put his favorite toy in its usual place without knowing them .
On the base of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> speculated that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the primary authority of the world in the subject , he stated that I 'd seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome as we pick up references from places as far as South Africa .
This is not really surprising , because the criteria of <unk> for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , I 'll give that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he had turned out that he had converted to nine of 10 kids sent by other doctors to her office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was an intelligent man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold parents and <unk> .
These kids , he said , they have kept on a fridge , and they were n't kept on .
At the same time , though , I noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that they cluster together in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before I turned two .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , affirming things like the kids were just pretty much apart what they had heard of their parents , they were desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own , turning invisible to the world in general .
Amazingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the <unk> theory of autism that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , the cognitive psychologist , thought that the theory of <unk> mothers was quite stupid .
She and her husband John was warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called black-eyed Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like <unk> , without special education , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend up facing the National Service , that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should have done 30 years before .
They launched an prevalence of autism prevalence in the general population .
<unk> a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find the autistic kids in the community .
What you saw was clear that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some children could n't speak at all , whereas others were <unk> in their fascination by astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit very cute , <unk> , like Judith , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost by trying to make sense of their data .
How did anyone have n't noticed these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to an article published in German in 1944 , the next year to <unk> , and then I forgot , buried under the cinders of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article from competition , but I was avoided by mentioning in his own work .
There was n't even a translation translation , but luckily , the husband of <unk> spoke German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who ran an integrated clinic with a school school in Vienna in the 1930s .
So the ideas of Asperger 's teaching with learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with kinds of music exercises with music , and the kids were following their games on Sunday .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability that required soft forms of supporting support and tuned spaces throughout the course of life .
Instead of treating the kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called their little teachers , and he went to help in developing methods that were especially suited for them .
Basically , Asperger 's saw autism as a diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always have been , seeing aspects of this continuous archetypes in the culture of pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the <unk> professor .
He was beyond even to say that for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
And by Judith and Judith discovered that <unk> was wrong when autism was <unk> , as the parents were the ones .
Over the next few years , they worked silent with the American Association of training to expand the diagnosis of diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the 1980s and the early 1990s , their changes were in place , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad , <unk> model of Asperger 's .
These changes did n't fall into broken .
And I went on , when he <unk> and Judith worked in the back of the stage to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before I went out to go out `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what was autism , but after the unforgettable performance of Dustin Hoffman like Raymond <unk> and `` Rain Man '' with four awards from the Academy , pediatricians and psychologists , teachers and parents around the world knew what was autism .
At the same time , they were introduced to the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of autism consciousness .
The number of diagnoses started rising , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact expected to be that that was , making people with autism and their families finally held support and services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame the vaccines for the diagnostics -- a simple , powerful , and seductive story , so seductive stories as bad as the <unk> theory was <unk> .
If the current estimate of one of 68 kids in America are in the spectrum , it 's right , the autistic ones are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have put together on the Internet to reject the idea that these puzzles are because of solving the new medical breakthroughs , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand the <unk> is to think in terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social obsessionally , and it suffers from a attention deficit to the details .
No doubt , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger 's , which believed that the cure for the most autism aspects of autism are found in understanding teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to get the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to waste or a brain .
Thank you .
